I like this browser. I do not use other browsers anymore Because they don't block stupid annoying pop ups. Although I still have one problem with brave and that is slow downloading speed. Please fix this.
This app is the best android browser from all the competition by being the fastest, most secure and user friendly. This app should've come as the default browser straight from the box and not chrome seeing as it's the best overall package.
After years using Firefox, this has become my default browser. I love it, it is so much faster than Firefox, and it's simple, quick, and intuitive to use. Even more importantly it has good privacy features and no ads. There are a few things I can't do with it, and have to go back to Firefox for those (save page as .PDF, sites that need flash player), but it's not often, and not an issue. Things I'd like to see: Save page as .PDF, Delete History on Exit as a settings option, but please don't overdevelop to the point of bloat. ▶EDIT 21/Nov/17 ▪ I have found that Brave does not always delete all "Cookies & site data" when asked. It goes through the motions, but sometimes leaves much undeleted (data from 57 sites in my case). Repeatedly deleting in Settings/Privacy/'Clear browsing data' will often delete more than in one pass, but to completely clear it takes deleting app data through Android settings. ▶ EDIT 14/Feb/18 ▪ In Landscape orientation, once all the tabs are closed, the menu (3 dots) stops working and there is no + to open a new tab. Rotating to portrait displays the + and the menu works. Otherwise the only way to proceed is to close Brave completely and reopen it. ▪The 'History' button is malfunctioning - it displays nothing when selected until the device is rotated through 90° (either from landscape to portrait or vica versa), it then displays correctly, even if rotated back to the original orientation. Seems it is requiring a screen redraw to display properly.
It was recommended in Computer Active so I thought I'd try it. I've used it now for several weeks and it's absolutely great. No ads popping up and it seems to cope with sites that Chrome struggles with.
Very fast. Please add IMAGE BLOCKING to save data, faster browsing! Wish the address bar were at the bottom for easy access, as an option. Can't figure out lastpass access.
Still have problems playing some videos on YouTube (HTML 5)
Now it's not able to block ads on Android 7.1.1...Plz fix it soon...
O..k first of all its a great Web to search for things but not a great AD BLOCKER, I've tried to watch movies on websites but then got an soo many ads even though all settings are on.....
This is the best mobile browser around hands down. 5/5 great job making this.
Excellent app, however on my xiaomi mi6 it sometimes freezes
Amazing. Exactly what Chrome should be on mobile. Nice work guys!!
I'd love to have it replace Chrome but some things it just won't render, i.e. embedded MP4 videos in telegraph pages.
Browser does not clear tabs upon exit. You eventually end up with 40 tabs slowing down your phone and eating battery.
Comepletely Amazing! I love it! It's ad free, fast, and efficient! 5 stars ill recommend Brave Browser Anyday day! Best adfree browser!
Crush Aw, snap! Every 20 min. no sync bookmarks with desktop version. Mac version has bugs with bookmark bar and bookmark import from chrome/firefox. YouTube video shows issues with html5 video tags.
HTML5 Still not supported.
Just 2 month using this browser ... Until now , this is the best browser that i ever found on playstore ....   Thank's 👍
This just takes me to my mobile account
Direct upgrade from chrome. Try it!
I've tried several browsers for Andriod and Brave is by far the best one.
Please implement a master password feature, and a delete history etc. on shutdown feature.
I love it but cant watch anything that needs adobie
I wiish it works for me better.
Awesome
**********I've been using this browser  for 2 hours & love it. The app has just blocked 92 ads & 83 trackers. it also tell you the time it save. I installed this app & reading all the reviews I am just Amazed that the developer Is Actually Responding to the issues that users have.  I would give the developer a 10 if I could
I love the ad block aspect. I don't find it to perform any better in terms of speed, over Chrome. The issues with HTML5 are irritating, and it's disheartening to see that it's been an ongoing issue for so long. 3.5/5 for me, but I rounded up!
Good attempt by the developers. What it does better than the Chrome browser - blocks most ads including popups, automatic https encryption and video plays in the background (great for YouTube). However it does have issues with video playback and page rendering on some websites. So I still have Chrome as a backup browser.
I would rate 100% but...the lack of ability to save your bookmarks when you reset your phone, and tablet makes it a hard daily user. I have since uninstalled it till they provide us with the ability to save our settings
Be brave and get this web browser. Like chrome and based on chromium but blocks all the junk. It works with Pocket too!  Dump those apps that create a local vpn and require IP blacklists to work. Keep Android light and efficient.
I like to think of myself as pretty internet savvy, and uMatrix forms the cornerstone of my efforts to maintain my online privacy.  Unfortunately, I quickly discovered that Chrome on mobile does not support addons and I found myself lost.  Brave fills most of the important functions but is ptetty opaque about how it goes about doing it or where its domain lists are, so I can't go about maintaining my own blacklists to filter out a bunch of the junk that I know is there.  On the positive side, Brave is built on Chromium so there's literally no difference when you migrate from Chrome.  It could use the Google sync feature, though.
The best browser in playstore... I was looking for a alternative of Chrome browser for my secondary use... Tried Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Dolphin browser etc and I didn't wanted to use Chinese browser... Then I found Brave Browser... Since then it's my primary browser... 5 star is not enough for Brave team...
Nice browser and good alternative to Chrome with Ad Blocking. Not all ads always get blocked, but most of the annoying ones are blocked. Would be great if there is a feature where you can manually block an ad. Brave User. =p
Started using this on Android 7.0 a few weeks back. At first it worked well, blocking all the annoying ads, however it now has a bug where links that open in a new tab can't be zoomed in and out properly. Sometimes you can zoom in then it won't zoom out, the tab just  seems to freeze. I have to use device's back button to get off the stalled tab.
Seems like a good Browser and the videos work (for me)! Could you maybe add the future of blocking images? Like they don't load at the beginning. So it can load even faster ^^
Occasionally video ads on YouTube sneak through, but what I find most frustrating is that about half of YouTube videos will not play. Instead of playing, I receive the error message that my browser does not support HTML 5!
Totally impressed. No nonsense latest news feature thats been flooding fast browsers like UC or Opera. I'm a fan now. Here's hoping you guys dont go to the dark side.
Great app! I love how it doesn't track you. The one thing keeping it from getting 5 stars is that you can't sync bookmarks from the Brave Desktop app with the Brave Android App.
Can I have my black menu bar background back please? Been using this for months and I love it. Latest update changed the menu bar colour to white. Not happy!
Performance appears to be getting more sluggish with every release on both mobile devices and desktop clients. After months of failed syncing across multiple devices, slowness, and strange bugs, I just decided to go back to the be amazing fast Firefox with all those great add-ons that make it even more secure than brave.
Awesome! I was getting fed up of Firefox getting slower and slower, and taking up more and more space and resources on my phone, and decided to give Brave a go. I've not looked back since! Better adblocking, lightning speed and very small footprint. I've uninstalled Firefox on all my devices now. I suggest you give Brave a try, you won't regret it! 🙂👍
Still no answer to the Bookmark thing. I am this close to uninstalling this app! Everyone likes the ad blocking, but the bookmark feature has to come in too!
My new favorite browser. Native adblock, really super fast and you do not have to worry about all the commercial tracking. I also love that there is a system for supporting the pages you actually want to which puts it in a whole new category (as far as I know). Features are thin on many areas since it is fairly new (more will come) but I prefer that over making tradeoffs in safety and performance just to match other browsers from the get-go.   I would really like to be able to import bookmarks though or other ways to keep them in sync with my previous browser while making the transition (some pages just won't work in brave as of now).
Love the app. Blocks ads without any slowdown whatsoever. However, it would be nice to have an option to hide the Brave logo from the URL bar to reduce the clutter. Another option I'd like to see would be a black/amoled theme if possible. Thanks
Update 2: This issue is getting less and less tolerable. If there isn't a fix soon I'll have to begin the search for a new browser :(. Update: The bug is back. Refreshing pages puts them into offline mode, with no way to get updates. I have to copy the url, go to a different page, then paste the url again. Very frustrating when watching for updates on a page. Previous: Brave is fantastic. Runs smoothly even with many tabs, and the blocking is great. It's constantly being improved. I was running into a really annoying bug, but the latest update fixed it. I'm a former Opera user who had gotten frustrated, and I'm glad to have found a better alternative.
I can finally search for stuff without an ad that I can't back out of taking over my screen 5 seconds after I load a page
The app is far from perfect. Several things need to be changed and the support from the developer is terrible. This developer doesn't accept any emails, and so I had to create an account on their website and leave a comment on their forum instead..... Within just hours, my post was deleted because they claimed it was too similar to another post, but that was a lie. They clearly were trying to block my negative feedback because I pointed out a serious security issue with this app, which they still haven't fixed. This app keeps a list of your saved passwords, but it's very easy for a stranger to find and view that list of passwords...... Lastly, this browser is based off of an older version of Chrome, and so this browser isn't very secure.
I love it! It's fast, simple, and blocks all the pop-ups. This is way better than Chrome and Firefox.
Very fast browser and love the built in privacy features. Would be really nice though if there was an option to automatically clean private data on exit like Firefox has.
Does not work on all sites, lacks some essential settings and customisation options, no refresh or back/forward buttons. Works as a browser, but is too barebones to be actually good.
Yeah the app is great but it's really missing that one component that every web engines should have, that is being able to watch videos. I can't watch livestreams not can I watch videos that have a ton of ads over them.
Brave takes what's great about Chrome and makes it better. Can't say I love it on the desktop but it's the best I've used on mobile
I believed it will block pop ups and complete ads but my it is not effective as the developers claimed.
I like this app so much but can you please do something about your download manager its not really reliable and can you try to put the capture video i mean it should give an option to download any video i play online once you do that i wl be really happy and 5 stars will come your way.
This feels so much faster and lighter than chrome. I give it a 4.6 I only wish it had a quick toggle for loading images. That would make it super fast and save data. -Thanks for your response but your feature request system doesn't seem very responsive. Still waiting for a simple image toggle which would make this browser King.
Has been my default browser for a while but brave button has stopped working for some reason...  EDIT has now been fixed!?!?
Browser is slow, can't click on checkout tabs within websites, even with shields turned off.
Firefox has become bloated and almost useless. Brave is lighter, faster and stable
please add support for HTML5 Feature to play youtube videos on brave Edit: The problem fixed and you also added background feature 😍 Amazing Thank You very much
Again, In the new update we are not getting sign in and syncing features for Brave. Thank you!
All my 99+ tabs disappeared, i.e. got lost some days ago, for no apparent reason and without any crash or freeze. Just gone. Not reliable!
Love this. Blocks all the stupid adds.
App is pretty good. It does not support html5 which is surprising. But it is snappy with loading.
So haw do you reset the bLocking stats on the starting screen?
Chrome browser was my first selection in browsers but now Brave Browser with stock Chrome interface without any UI re-design.
Not as good as the iOS brave browser
Might be too soon to tell but so far I'm in love with this browser it is incredibly fast and no more ads. Amazing!
Please add bookmark export/import option and also allow importing bookmarks from other browsers like Yu and tuga
Updated. Thanks for the latest update its like a breeze but one core still missing SYNC as desktop
Does what it says. Ad free. Simple design and great alternative to Chrome and Firefox which are bogged with adverts and pop ups.
Horrible, it's a chrome copy, with less speed
Since the latest Update is power consumption has increased drastically... This wasn't the case in previous updates
Bring back the old icon and the black menu bar.
Im not to sure yet if im going to keep this i need to see if i like how it works.
Awesome browser but just bring back the old icon !!
Like Chrome only better. Has ad block & no script built right in. Perfect 👌
A must have browser. My daily driver. Best privacy settings of any browser. Webpages lode really fast.
Fast browser with adblocking 👍
Best browser app in existence by far. Blocks ads and trackers, frequent security updates, and has a modern UI.
Doesn't clear history on exit
Snappy .I like it.says it's blocking lots of ads and trackers.certainly seems quick.
So far so good ,impressed how well it works on social media, being able to read an article without constant pop ups is nice, no ads at start of videos either without noticable  loss in speed .Do everything through the browser now and removed the apps . Others in the past started  out good but as the popularity grew the ads came back.Hope this lasts
So far I'm impressed. It's like a better Firefox, smooth scrolling, has convenient features I haven't seen anywhere else, etc. Good job, will become my main browser probably. EDIT: yep, replaced other browsers and is my main now. Only wish the tab switcher was a bit different (as in, give users choice), with clickable thumbs not requiring scrolling.
At last, a browser for use on mobile Android devices! This is the most battery-efficient browser I have found for my Galaxy Tab S2 running Nougat (data obtained using Qualcomm ATUK app). And I love the control over scripts, ads, etc. I like to use Brave with the DuckDuckGo search engine. Great stuff!
I think that the developer should introduce the following features for  (android/iOs) .  1, Safe search (blocking adult content / website)  2, Disable location detection  3, Improve video player (some YOuTube Videos can't be played due to *unsupported player*   4, provide VPN built in option   5, more features that necessary for better browsing experience
The application itself is great , only thing I miss is my old bookmarks and passwords and data in chrome. It would be nice if you could sync this data with chrome
I just wanted to say thanks for this app. I've been looking everywhere to block ads that continually keep showing up on YouTube and all. But this app is just awsome. My internet is much faster than before and now I can truly enjoy YouTube playlists on the road without any commercials whatsoever. Thanks dude!
Brave may just be Chrome on Steroids but it is an effective Ad-blocker which had made sites usable again. Only downside has been on Sky News site where the Ad-blocker also removes all the images on pages. Well Done Team!
Worked great for months. All of a sudden it stopped blocking ads and I can't get it to start again
the user interface is nice and functional, it looks exactly like chrome. the browser is super fast and it blocks all of the annoying ads
Good app, but there are sometimes a few problems. I noticed that when I google something it tries to automatically play videos, stopping my music.
Switched from Opera mobile and even on this comparison Brave seems incredibly fast. Set duckduckgo as default engine. Very pleased with speed, overall performance of the browser. Cuts ads off too, great.
BAT token showed me this masterpiece. There is one thing that would make me completely forget chrome and thats its translate option. I think translate option would be great here.
Some times i feel like ads are raping my phone i can't go throug a download or a movie without a headache of ads and pop-ups so thank you
Love the browser alot, however some of the time when I hit the back button the webpages go black. I have to  exit out and relaunch brave
Absolutely EXCELLENT! This has been my default browser on Android for quite a while now. Blocks ads AND tracking! And still loads pages FAST (unlike Firefox with a separate ad blocker). Love it! Couldn't do without it!
Many times I cannot use microphone voice to text when typing sometimes it works on some pages other Pages it doesn't and then I get one or the other like right now voice only
After trying Firefox, chrome and Samsung Internet, I came back to this excellent browser, it just renders web pages flawlessly and fastly. Deserves 5 stars. Thank you developer.
Great app. It would be great if there was a home button. Also, reopening tabs after exiting is not always a good idea.
Will log you out of literally any site after 2 minutes. Will not keep you logged in in forums or sites like "Corriere dello sport" or forumfree sites. Awful browser, uninstalled.
Very sick and questionable design: gave no data, no permissions - turned off and still keeps running; to what end. Erik. Can not be moved to SD. Uninstalled.
I like it, BUT it doesn't play some videos at YouTube, the HTML5 (?) or something.. IDK but it means I don't use it as often as I was going to. Back to damn Firefox which I hate.
It works great, but when I tab out of it and go back to it when ever I  search for something, the screen goes black and the only way to get it to work again is to uninstall and re download.
I downloaded it and activated it and did it bloc ads like it says it does? No it just makes you use a different way to get the same ads
I have been testing out browsers and their ad blocking abilities along side the speeds. This browser works fantastic for both. Keep up the great work. Awesome job!
For example,if you go to visit a site called onhax,they can still bypass this brower adblock feature.I am not installing anything from unknown sources,I just testing out to see there are even more engineering team that seems to always updating how to bypass adblock.As for I uninstall it.
I've tried lots of browsers and keep going back to Brave. Ad-free, fast, sleek and safe - what more could I ask for?
Best internet browser I have tried so far, no ads, fast and works with all websites I tried (others did not)
Update: The recent update seemed to have removed "adaptive icon" support for the Pixel Launcher.   I really love it. Just like Chrome, but without ads which makes it smooth and fluid.
Works great. Basically chrome with adblock. But please add the option to permanently exclude some trackers like twitter to be able to watch twitter videos without having to each time disable tracking protection.
This browser auto downloads files even if you just click them accidentally. That is a huge security issue...
Browser reports false malware. Observed on both Nexus 5x and LG G5. The Nexus is a spare phone rarely used to browse anything.
I wonder whether it works better the fire focus, probably only the HTTPS upgrades?  Focus is more slim and snappy. It could not display some web sites with ad block on.
Only been using Brave for a week but I like it so far. Nice privacy options, clean interface, seems stable. Videos in the background is an absolute godsend. Wish it had a reader mode, but that's just taste.
Adblock works fine but needed lot of improvements. 1. Selection of text in some of pages(mainly fb pages) is not working. 2. Selection of storage folder should be added. 3. Add option to move app to external storage. 4. Add more pages in homepage instead of 8.
This app stopped working all together for me . Looks like I need to go back to chrome to browse.
This is the fastest browser out there.the ad blocking is magnificent and with crypto currency micro payments to replace advertising as a business model Brave browser deserves to take over the world!
Great browser for people looking for more security in terms of online transactions and offline wallets. Would reccommend this browser above any other I have seen ao far. Thanks and keep up the good work.
Best browser I've tried, and I've tried most. Fast adblocking and fantastic privacy features, great performance (definitely the best at delivering jquery css animations), no unnecessary features, and video in background is a fantastic setting. Great job.
Request: can you add 'mark as ad option'?  This is a simple and great browser. I love the built in ad block. I will request you to add a night mode. But please never add news and ads on the start page.
Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. How is this not fixed for so long?
Super fast and awesome! If you are a smart consumer, use this. If you are clueless, well enjoy slow chrome ad ads. BTW how does G make all that money again??? Oh that's right. ADS.
Brave could be the perfect browser for me if they could add a feature to reflow text when a page is resized. I find it incredibly annoying to resize a page so I can read text only to have to "scroll right, scroll left, scroll right, scroll left" to be able to read a paragraph of text.  Want to see how it's done right, check out Opera.
The application is too away from being secure. Tried contacting dev but they didn't accept the mails. Had to create a new ID on your website and posted the issue on community. Just a few hours later the feedback was deleted by the website stating that someone else reported same issue as I did. No, they didn't. I reported critical vulnerabilities where 1. passwords can easily be leaked & viewed by any random website 2. browser can easily be hijacked just by visiting a webpage, bypass all the blocking restrictions & converter user's device into monero mining bot. I still have proof of concepts. But since developers doesn't care, why should I.
Sadly it's jumped on the band wagon with other mobile browsers and started allowing websites to randomly send you notifications without asking. Which I find intrusive. Which is sad because I found this browser totally transformed my browsing experience for the better.
Basically google chrome without ads. But can you guys improve the look of your search bar widget? Its kind of bland and ugly. Just add your logo to the right side of the bar, kind of how google does it. It will just add a little more color and I like the look of the logo anyways. I'm using android if that changes anything.  EDIT: been chashing all the sudden. Will be browsing the internet and it will just freez all of the sudden and if I wait, my phone eventually just wants to close the app. Very annoying. Please update.
Before I downloaded the Brave Browser, my life was filled with misery. Now with the Brave Browser I can block these cuck ads. Thank you Brave Browser for making my life easier and the world a better place.   P.S. this kicks ass
I tried a lot of other browser but Brave it's the best for my needs: No problem with the user agent compatibility, without link to my Google account, compatible with password managers, option to enable desktop mode by default, no news feed, no ads, ad block and privacy options. The only thing that I miss is an option to clean all browsing data when the browser is closed and options to configure the new tab, like hide stats and most visited. Thank you
Decent, I guess. AdBlock works, which is rare. Downloads don't, though, it just creates broken 0kb files. And you can't turn off tab saving.
My new favorite browser. Turned to Brave after Firefox started sucking (again). No regrets. Only negative is the icon, which doesn't conform to Pixels adaptive icon system.
Works great, but there's a bug. Despite disabling video autoplay in Google's search settings, they still play. This is an issue especially when listening to music, as it stops it. Fix it please.
Great browser... The ad blocker helps prevent those bad ads from you accidentally clicking or redirecting you to suspicious website... I have this issue with chrome.
Well after using CM browser daily for the last 3 years, they made the mistake of removing the exit button and now I along with thousands of others have uninstalled it and are looking elsewhere. Now I find this browser which not only has an exit button but actually opens up all my favourite web pages in half the time! And I've just realised how slow CM browser actually was! Great job! Just one request: can the browser open up my homepage when I launch it and not the page I last visited before exiting please. Thanks!
When are you guys going to support html5 for YouTube???? This is 2018 now..... Get with the damn program!! It's a good thing my phone is rooted and my official YouTube app is patched to allow background playing.
Brilliant, hate chrome so been using Dolphin for last few years, was very good until phone received the oreo update, tried couple of others neither were right but then spotted this,Fast, secure, Add free no glitches, Great for video, would love to see a streaming option, but not really an issue, Ticks all the right boxes massive choice of browsers, So Glad I found you, Great App, Great work from Developers with there finger on the pulse, long may it last...
Tab issue When moving and zooming in on high resolution satellite images that are not on Google maps, one tab out of four or five suddenly closed. Seriously. v1.0.40 on Jellybean 4.2.2 with Play Services 10.2.98.
Absolutely love this browser. I've used it for my desktop for quite awhile now and I couldn't be happier. Now that I have an Android phone this browser was a no brainier and on of the first downloads I made.
Great browser and concept but needs some work on it especially with playing multimedia , youtube on it is a nightmare . Some sites have quite a bit of lag and needs more options in the settings menu and would be great to incorporate addon functionality. Hopefully it will improve with time!
Great browser for the most part. I use it over chrome and haven't felt the need to go back expect for a few cases where certain websites I use work better on chrome. A lot of potential in the future with BAT integration
Commenting re Web browser - way to sensitive when you accidentally click and drag a tab. You end up opening a seperate new Brave browser with that tab! It's been like this for months! Surprised no one has complained! Please fix!
The only thing keeping me from giving the app 5 stars is that it's missing a few features from the chrome browser like the mic button in the web address bar at the top so you can search or go to a website by voice, the really polished layout on the home page, and the news articles custom for you on the home page like chrome has. Other than those needed features it's been great.
Amazing browser! My only gripe is that there has no option to close all tabs when closing the app. It remembers and reopens the tabs
Surprisingly fast and ad free. I wasn't expecting it to run  so smoothly, and the interface is clean and firmiliar. I've switched from chrome and I'm not going back.
Fast, easy, and a near perfect browsing experience so far. I deleted Firefox, and haven't used Chrome in weeks. A really fantastic job by the developer. Thank you!
Screen frozen is really a problem, but I overall enjoy this browser and I really hope the screen frozen thing will be solved soon.  Edit: recently the ad block feature doesn't work anymore, the shield icon is always off despite being turned on in setting, and ads are everywhere. Please fix it.
A great no ads experience of the web! Surf so much faster compared to other browsers! Ads slow phone down and consume much battery!
Full featured replacement for Chrome.  I really like the concept and excellent privacy controls.  However it needs text wrapping zoom so you don't have to scroll sideways to read text.  Without that it will never be my default browser.
Awesome browser.  It outshines all the others in speed and security. Battery consumption is a big concern for Android users and i dont receive the power warning from my phone for using Brave like I always do when using Opera Mini.   It would be wonderful if Brave had a night mode for us older users with sensitive eyes.
Yeah! Totally awesome browser. But after updating the app, all of my bookmarks were gone. Will this happen every update?
It's not just a new browser, it's potentially a revolutionary way to finance the internet while drastically improving privacy and maintaining "free" content (there are major hidden costs in the way things run now). The project is still in development and is not yet seamless, but I'll give 5 stars for the vision.
Sad to see no sync between devices :( . I had my phone factory reset and Brave Browser forgot everything. A sync option could have been proven to be saviour here.
The only browser that totally blocks annoying ads. So glad i found this awesome browser.
Switched from Dolphin to Brave browser a month ago, I'm very happy with it. It doesn't have the trick stuff like Gestures & Sonar which I do miss, however it is Very fast, it renders everything without a hitch, & it seems to use less battery too which is excellent!
Now that Firefox is taking George Soros' money and Google isn't even pretending to not be evil, I've switched to Brave as my primary mobile browser. Zero complaints, it's great.
Pretty good. However, I am not sure why a privacy focused browser doesn't have an option to clear history upon exit...
App is solid as can be. My only grips are that I have no way to export my browsing sessions to other browsers and/or on to a desktop.  I happen to have hundreds of tabs I would like to read for later, and doing it on a desktop screen would be nice if possible.  Other than that, it works great.
Thanks to Cernovich for putting the word. Say no to censorship on other platforms. Support Damore, support freedom. Browser works great.
PLEASE CHANGE VIDEO ORIENTATION  Does great at blocking ads. I wish there were more settings to customize and configure it, but the ui is clean and easy to work with. No news stories or unwanted content like a few other adblocking browsers (Phoenix PHX Browser).  I really wish that it did NOT force my screen to go into landscape when playing videos in full screen. It used to not be like the, but since the update, when I play videos on full screen it changes the orientation despite my phone being locked in portrait.   Please please change this.
You can't tell if links are to PDF files, and if they are Brave automatically downloads them to your phone. This is incredibly unsecure, mind boggingly unsecure. I can't recommend a browser that can easily be hijacked.
Works absolutely fine but some videos on YouTube and probably on other videos all well don't work for jack and says it There's some short of error. Request fix immediately.
It's great but Google is outdated. It's like 5 to 6 years out of date. I was on Facebook in the browser and I felt like I was on a cheap smartphone in 2008.
Needed a way to change tabs order
Add options ask to download.when i clicked download it automatically download.then i give full rate...
Why 466 MB for a web browser?
Excellent browser with security, privacy, and speed in mind. 5 stars
Super browser app
A great solution for an ad-free interwebz!
Won't play videos...
I am impressed about the quality and performance.
IMMMMM FRRRRRRRE
Fast, easy to use and safe.
Nice app...i am very aap with this app
Wow!! Super fast, no joke!!!
Better than Firefox.
Nice Browser make it Try...
Great so far.
Works great. Fast.
Near
Great browser.
Brilliant app.
I absolutely love Brave. It works great and does an amazing job at keeping ads and pop-ups from showing. I love how much faster webpages load and keeps ads from showing limiting the money websites make. I don't want to make them any money just cause I use their site. I don't get any of it so they can piss off. I love when they ask me to turn off my pop-up blocker so they can make revenue lol. I don't care! I can't believe this is free. I would definitely buy this app.
I wish Brave will stay free, ad-free, sleek, fast and safe. After trying almost all the browsers at the Google Play Store, only Brave Browser passed my requirements. Please never be like Cheetah Browser (old favorite) or other browsers. Just focus on your advantages vs other browsers and for sure, users will notice you and spread the news of how great and fast Brave Browser is! Thanks to the team of developers behind this app.
For users looking to try - It's like Google Chrome but with in-built ad blockers & tracking protection. Also, Now with Background Play, Videos playing in a tab continue playing even when you switch to a new tab or another app without exiting Brave. Best overall browser on the Play Store!
This browser just replace my firefox and chrome. I disable chrome. Fast and has adblock built in which both Chrome and Firefox don't unless use some kind of extension. Which sometimes slows the browser down itself.. Work great on a average. highspeed 70 to 72mbps connection. With adblocking and tracking blocking pages load significally faster than firefox. Testing on my Galaxy J7.
Good fast Browser more private than Chrome with more choices of default search engines. However several video formats supported in Chrome are not available in Brave. Lack of HTML5 and 3D video support limits some youtube experience in Brave Browser.... Still for speed and privacy this is my default android browser....Keep up the great work and please work on video formats next!
Best browser for android devices. Love that it comes with in built ad blocker. There's also privacy and security features like fingerprint protection and HTTPS everywhere.   Been using it for a while and find it pretty fast, comparable to chrome. Thanks alot to the dev team for their hard work!
It's like Chrome but better. Started looking for an alternative to Chrome because Google started forcing news stories and other biased content onto the start page, with no way to turn it off. Brave is one of the few Android browsers that doesn't do this, and that's my main reason for using it. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because I'd like to be able to sign in so that I can sync bookmarks. Also, the data usage is astronomical - please give us the ability to turn images off, since these are the main source of data use. Another thing I'd like to see is a Night Mode.
Yes, it's a pretty good browser. Fast and it does block all ads but, and this is important, no bookmarks import/export. You can't get em from your Chrome account but you also can't export from Brave account to Brave account! Manually put them in from Chrome on my phone, installed Brave on my tablet and no ability to get them on there. Poor design. Uninstalled, sorry.
Thank you so much! My phone was receiving these random popups and i looked up "Adblocker" and didnt even see this first, someone had given the app i was looking at 1 star and said it didnt compare to this app and i agree!
Been using Brave for a while now, like it but have found it closes automatically after an indeterminate amount of time when private browsing tabs are open. Can't find any settings that relate to it. Is it a bug or a feature that I haven't figured out?
Simply: home tab is super buggy. Can't add more than two links (though it happily adds random spam links from time to time). If I could find a 3rd party speed dial extension I could live with that but of course no extensions. This is a broken browser.
OK but not fast,  cluttered layout. Uses TOO MUCH PRECIOUS UK DATA, 121 MB IN ONE DAY??  No data blocker or data saver option. Dull layout, no news. Deleted, 121 MB DATA IN TWO DAYS!! NO!! UK REVIEW
This browser is innovative, well-designed and beautiful in its execution. Androids fractured development eco system makes elegantly displaying sites pretty difficult but this app works wonderfully on my Honor 8. I hate to say it but the quality is reminiscent of apples Safari in its simplicity and user friendliness. Plus the underlying values of the platform and this teams commitment to the web is reassuring. Love love love. Keep it up! :)
Its good app but it need so much improvement. 1)fix the problem of playing online music. 2) surfing speed is quite good but need to be more fast ,without minimization of data. 3) downloading speed is worst. It takes too much time with respect to other browsers.but I think this browser is best browser among all of them. Please solve the slow downloading speed problem as soon as possible.🙂
This is a fairly straightforward as blocking browser, with easy to use standard features like bookmarks etc, and no extras that I don't want. It is also very fast and smooth to scroll. I have been looking for a browser like this for a long time! Quick, easy and quick to use, no extras I don't need.
Has problems with YouTube still.  Works really good with basic web browsing, but when trying to play some videos I get this message "browser doesn't not currently recognise any video formats available"
never been able to get an browser where I can get privacy on search online, or whatever... I did, already, recommend using this site!.. But, it will be very nice when it comes out, the link to #TOR#... [P.S./ Tanks development!!!]
Ad blocker is not as effective plenty of ad networks still work, would be nice to manually add sites to block list. More features like being able to block Google AMP would make usability better. A few crashes but getting better. Hope it evolves to provide more user features.
Fast but fingerprinting countermeasures don't really work when turned on. My real user agent is still visible when tested by Panopticlick, when this is resolved and the app is available on F-Droid I will revise my review.
So impressed. From the moment of install I haven't received a single  annoying "ad pop up" on my phone. Before... when simply checking even the time, an ad would pop up before I could see my lock screen photo. So happy, thank you for this app!!!
Do you know your email address does not exist according to yahoo mail. I've tried to email you regarding your browser not supporting html5 videos?
Ads still get through sometimes
4/5 stars. Please enable youtube HTML5 videos to be played on Brave Browser
I real like this browser it is second only to firefox
Freezes completely when I play videos online.
Why say its got flash but it hasnt got the flash plug in??
Need a way to disable "close all incognito tabs" feature.
Add night mode to make the background black.
Super fast. Doesn't drain my battery. Blocks adds. Best browser yet!
Fastest mobile browser with ad blocking capabilities available.
It has only one feature that is it protects our privacy. Anyway good try.
Very efficient browser, simple to use, blocks ads when encountered and intuitive. Very well recommended.
No ads very fast browser I love you sir
Good and ad free browsing experience, at times videos doesn't work properly.
This is the best browser I've used, no more bouncing around on chrome.
Use Brave everyday, had no idea BAT was a thing, great app though!
Doesn't play HTML 5 YouTube videos. Need to fix. Other than that this is an impressive browser.
Every site I've visited was full of ads. FF with adblocker worked better.
Very good run very smooth and fast loading and download best on web now
Runs better now then what it did when i first used it. Also needs a dark mode.
This browser is like Chrome on steroid.
Sooo sickkk!! Super fast and blocks all ads! Even YouTube ads. And plays YouTube in background!
Ad block is not working for me on any website
The best... Fixed viewing sites so full page can be viewed. Nice.
All the functionalityof Chrome with powerful ad and script blocking features built in
Finally, a serious replacement for Chrome.
App no longer blocks ads and is constantly redirected to another spam website.
Please add Save web pages offline option
Good bye annoying ads
Mac IOS browser is good. Android browser is amazing. Have replaced all my browsers with Brave. Amazing.
Wow, background youtube player and stability of chrome?? High five! Well done.
Not responding while playing a video
Dont have build metamask. Speed still cannot challenge armorfly!
Needs html 5 video support.
Soundcloud podcasts are not playing anymore.
I prefer Brave much more than I do Chrome.
Goodbye Opera, hello Brave, very impressed with speed and outstanding adblocking. Thank you.
Noticeably faster and I love all of the privacy features under the hood!
Thank you for adding a designated home button, made browsing even better.
The only browser you should be using
I use this app as my default browser so that i can enjoy ad free browsing.
My go to browser
Very pleased with the speed and built in safety features that keep you safe on the WWW
I like it a lot  !!!
Copy cat of chrome
5 star if I can sync my bookmarks
Best Browser, But Please add Data Saver Please, I'll Be waiting...🔥🔥🔥
Literally just chrome with AdBlock 👍👍👍
A dedicated amoled friendly night mode will be appretiated as amoled panels are the future
Cant find how to import bookmarks
Crashes often.
Sync and Backup bookmarks!
Oscar for the peopel who made it.
Thank you for an excellent browser that raises the standard of trust online
❤Love it, but Please Add Bookmark Sync feature soon...
Best app which is far better then uc opera chrome and every browser
Fast, efficient, now add sync and tagged bookmarks and firecux BTFO
Great browser but video does not work fast too often
Still facing redirect ads
Internet speed is slow.
Need to delete individual Cookies.
Advertising Free. Love it...it's better than chrome in most sites.
this is best browser i ever have thank you alot
Can you add vpn function to this??
Blockchain to the future!
Finally, a serious replacement for Chrome.
Browser is good.but pls add download option like uc and opera
Love it, first mobile ad block I've used that really works
Lightning quick browser with awesome ad block and privacy. Internet revolution.
Faster than chrome, better protection against ads and tracking
Need bookmark sync option.
How do I sync with PC?
Why does it look like chrome?
it not mobile friendly guy.it good but that things
cant autorotate video in theatre
Works as advertised, based off chromium which is great as it is reliable and fimiliar
Grt app ty Plz add speed dial tab
Best browser please keep on improving really blocks adds
This is the future of web browsing...
Brave is amazing. It would be awesome if there was Night mode option.
Fast fast fast! Try it - and thank me later!
I use Brave Browser for both Android and PC and I can tell you it's truly a work of art. Beautiful and minimalist user interface and there are virtually no advertisements. Exceptional Brave Team. Just exceptional.
Best browser out there. The desktop version makes any PC faster too
Terrible UI. Address bar is at the top, new tab is at the top left corner, etc. It is very uncomforable for a right hand man on a 5" device.
Fast, takes little space, seems totaly save, am really pleased with it and its the first app i kept over a longer period of time. Big thanx to the AppMakers &lt;3
I am firefox user but firefox on android is slow :( thanks to brave i have fast browsing experience. Still using firefox on desktop.
Good so far. Cant access some websites on phone browser that I can on desktop. Not sure why
It did not work I watched YouTube and it shows ads
It's ok I guess. No way to import bookmarks. No option to pin sites even though it comes with unwanted sites pinned. No home button and no way to clear cache ect. on exit. But it is fast so there's that....
Looks and feels exactly like Chrome, except with an ad block. I'm certainly not complaining because that's exactly what I wanted but I don't know how they've not been sued
Cool! Thanks for the response. Appreciate the support team's effort. Once it's available, Brave will be my primary app on android as well. Great job guys!
Absolutely terrible. Does not work. 100% avoid at all times
Great browser. Do Include the Option to synchronize bookmarks and history by signing into our email accounts or Creating a brave account.
This is like an old chrome and its Work fine no more ads, load pic faster than a normal chrome. Thanks dev!
Brave is the future! Been using it on my pc too. Lightning fast, uses less resources, secure. Far better than Chrome or Firefox! Best browser available hands down.
This is a very shady developer, and this browser uses an older version of Chrome. Due to that, this browser isn't very secure, and I don't at all like how easy it is to view the list of your saved passwords. This app needs better security.
Nice, clean, fast.      Feature Request: When opening a new tab the browser shows recently browsed sites, it would be good if there was an option to show your bookmarks instead.
Its really great browser with amazing adblock and security..but i want this to have an option where you can automatically clear history on exit..then it will be perfect..thanks and God bless.
Really quick load times wasn't able to access WiFi at work for months for some reason able to connect instantly with brave for whatever reason I'm in love and my data is safe once again
Fast, no ads...but would like that you could put more favourite sites on homepage with edit function. Please incorporate that, and will give 5 stars.
It really doesn't work it makes u download apps and it says it blocks ads but when u are on the app itself it does a million ads per second so annoying
Seems a decent browser but if the Address bar was at the bottom it would be far more user friendly and the keyboard should appear when i click new tab +
Please make a dark theme for the mobile version!!! 4 stars because of eye strain.
It blocks all bad pop up junk very well
It states that it is a non Google browser. How is this a non Google browser if it's built on chromium? Something is weird here
I really like this browser, on mobile I have replaced chrome, on desktop it has some issues, tabs don't work sometimes and it takes a while to initiate, once that is fixed I'm ditching chrome.
Smooth like Ice browsing like your phone is brand new again. No garbage slows it down
Brave has fully replaced chrome for me on mobile. It's fast, useful, and easy to get used to. Once they implement Brave Payments and Sync, I'll feel it's ready for everyone.
Officially switched browsers, love the speed, simplicity and most of all privacy protection! Go Brave!
Everything works great! But, can you add an option for display quality on YouTube. Sometimes I have to save my internet quota :)
Does its job. Supports bookmarks. Seems to function faster than Chrome (presumably because it's doing fewer things).
Bad update ad locker is not work properly qnd its being slow
Freezes my phone, had to "hard reset" my phone twice because of it.
Hanging crashing so no ads display at all!
Nice browser but when I download something it's just show's percent 10% downloaded show mega bites how much I  used my megabits..
My phone behaves weirdly if I install this app, tested twice
Fast and has been great at ad blocking but I've recently notice ads getting through. Hopefully a solution will be found soon.
Really work no ad I love it greater app
Best alternative for Chrome with inbuilt ad blocker and also consumes less battery compared to it. I have disabled chrome now 😁
this is a fabulous browser by the developer of javascript and firefox mozilla, brandon ike i think is his name. they have a cryptocurrency called BAT you should look into. this is as real as it gets.
Need ability to turn off 'most viewed' on new tab pages. More ads than ublock origin. WebM support please! Please release to F-Droid as well!
Ads still get through sometimes
Outstanding mobile browser. The speed compared to others is incredible.
A heavy app but the most usable browser I've found.
Great browser. Basically the Chrome experience with AdBlock. I do wish you can hide the status bar though.
Awesome browser what I looking for. Add block enabled and nice and clear.
The new experimental update which makes you to listen YouTube songs in background even when you're phone is sleep mode is excellent.please continue with that and don't discontinue
I love this browser but facing problems with recaptcha as it is not generating.
It is a good browser in first use but it is better if it  export and import or cloud backup.
Did not block a single ad, same as chrome but slower and miss clicks
Same as Chome,  must use the chrome browser code, bleah!
Please put the option of "Clear history on Exit." And this would be my day to day browser on all my devices. :)
Ad blocker simply doesnt fuction anymore. Doesn't block 9/10 ads
Mostly the same as Chrome except a lot of embedded videos don't play.
In the last update, I cannot download Facebook videos
Can't move to sd card nor would it play certain videos
Somebody pls tell me how could i change to dark mode,thx!
Sometimes it says unfortunately stopped...
Disable Chrome. Made this my primary browser.
Awesome browser. SO much faster than my the stock android one! (S8plus)
Very happy!  Thank you Brave Team.
Can I ask something do you know the way chrome is permanently installed on most devices you need that feature for future phones.
Thanks bro I will Use this for its Real purpose.             May I flex.
Best browser by far. Blocks all ads and trackers even on sites that block ad blockers!
best browser app ever...love it and this is the best one that i looked for...thanks alot Brave...thumps up !
They log and intercept everything to sell you ads. Do not install.
keeps crashing on OnePlus 5T
Great just wish they had sync for Android but it's getting worked on so I'll just wait a bit
Please add feature to not load images thank you!
Good focus on privacy, but buggy on YouTube HTML5 is terrible feature 😔
Afaik the only browser with webrtc disabled, great! A custom homepage as a new feature would be nice.
Very nice browser! Fast and super clean. Though it would be nice with account/sync feature 😘
can't even visit YouTube as web...  it forces to open my YouTube built-in app
i searched for navigator with flash player, this appear but don't have
You are showing the same clientrects fingerprint as showed by google chrome.
By far the best and Fastest Browser, extremely smooth also. Well done! Amazing love it!!
Extremely fast and blocks adds.  Also, a feature will allow u to opt in to view adds and be compensated in the future.
Pretty great! I am even glad to see a desktop client. Syncing somehow could be cool.
This browser's HTML5 test score is 515 out of 555 points which tells everything about the browser.
This browser is nice and fast! The ad and tracker blocking features work really well.
If you go to settings/storage it enters molasses speed, ultimately ending with message to close it.
Ver1.0.13 Version up Permission location GPS
The best browser to this day!
Efficient app for all users. I recommend it all for users. A Must download app.
Terrible UI. Address bar is at the top, new tab is at the top left corner, etc. It is very uncomforable for a right hand man on a 5" device.
Truly the BEST. You will read on many others how their browser is the "best" , I've tried them, they are not. This one is.
I can't stop downloading a files in this browser.
Having to navigate to the bookmarks tab, and then click on the bookmarks folder to access your bookmarks, sort of sucks.
Fast n clean interface, great easy ad blocking. Would like a better homepage and easier access to bookmarks.
I wanted Google Chrome but with ublock origin. Brave browser is exactly that. Just need extension support now. Keep it up!! Video in background is amazing!!
▶this is amazing browser ..fast simple & easy ...long time i used another browser but now i use Brave..b/c more than another ↔
Hide the adblock total count from home page, should be hidden. And please add clear all history on exit. Not sure why this doesn't have that feature when most others have this already. Thanks
As others here have stated, this is essentially Chromium with adblock, Privacy Badger, and HTTPS Everywhere baked in. This is a must-have and I disabled the official Chrome for this.
Why endure  chrome and all its endless adverts..videos..unwanted recommended news
Best ad and tracker blocker and best thing is http upgrade https so secure browser better then uc dolphin browser
Great if you detest obnoxious advertising.
It's amazing browser. I am start using on laptop too. Just on laptop/Desktop need few extentions. Then this browser all set to beat all browsers in market.
Brave is way better than Chrome or Firefox! It's very user friendly and does a great job blocking ads!
I still use it only as back up because it varies the function with Android's back button. Sometimes it closes the app, vs going back or doing a menu close. I.e., that is a PITA; extremely unintuitive and requires thought as much as reaction.. "what do I tap THIS time?".     I wont ever make it default without easy fwd/back buttons.  There is a reason they exist on pages, software, etc in the first place.. it was requested and implemented by users. Users that could have just continued to use the keyboard "back in the day".      Imo, not having back/fwd is a step backwards; but maybe you are too young to recall that it was also a requested feature long ago, when it did not exist on a screen yet because a mouse was still "new" tech more or less.          You haven't simplified anything with omission, just rekindled a decades old issue.    I'm gonna raise a star anyhow, after a year of no big issues, you do deserve it..   (2016-17)  New to it, but I kinda like it so far.   The only thing keeping my rating midship is that it is too easy to close tabs accidentally with touches seen as swipes     I don't use swiping. I CAN'T use swiping....it needs an option to shut it off before I could actually use it as my default.   It could also use it's own ever present ←→(back/fwd a page) because depending on the device's back buttons accidentally closes tabs all the time too.  (that is why I am looking at new browsers)
Though it is fast and sleek. I can not seem to find the option to earn BAT via the mobile app. what's up with that?
Fast and efficient.  If only I can find a way to set up the homepage that actually opens when I start it,  instead of the history window,  I'd be set.
Very good browser with one major problem though: won't play some videos; some videos on YouTube, BBC news videos, etc.
Great app! Light and easy to use UI.  Please make account setup to back up my saved bookmarks. Thanks
6,5k blocked ads since October, looks impressive. Im happy user of Brave browser, and tonight I learned about BAT... Good project.
Surprisingly fast, I am a refugee from the surprisingly slow android Firefox app
I love you guys, thanks for making a great app.  I wish I can donate money to you.  Great product.  You have replaced a lot of apps.  🤣
Love the browser but wish it got the pixel circle icon. Looks it of place on my homescreen now as it's the only non circular icon.
Afaik the only browser with webrtc disabled, great! A custom homepage as a new feature would be nice.
If your app is so dedicated to our privacy why did it try to take a picture of me on my camera first thing ??
I just don't have the option of ad-blocking only certain sites while leaving all others intact.
Fast. Consumes less data. Saves battery. The best browser you could find for android.
Amazing fast and free experience. I'm off to buy some  Basic Attention Token so I can begin to support content creators.
Need Brave Browser Lite, for poor network location , with same great privacy, data saving, lite on memory & optimised web page like opera mini
Does not protect apps from ads
1)No night mode/black theme. 2)Custom firewall to block websites. 3)Disable images/text only mode.
It's been crashing a whole lot
Great app, but missing light nav bar support for Pixel phones. Also no way of submitting feedback through app.
Add block is broken. Blocks almost everything.
Doesn't block ads it just hides them, there's a ton of empty space where the ads are, with an adblocker that empty space would not be there also on some sites the ads are still there there's just a loading error
I absolutely love it. It's chrome, but way much better and allows permanent desktop browser setting.
First impressions is really good. Took a bit of data at first but blocked most ads and trackers though not all.
Good Ex
Best Than all
Chrome but better
Easy amazing
Not bad.
Best mobile
Keep it up!
Super fast
Fast and secure
great
Loved it immediately!!
Hhhhh
Bullshitt
Best browser.
Great browser
Best browser
Best browser
Brilliant app
Best app ever
Awesome
Awesome
great app
Great and ethical
Love this app
Good.
awesome app
Amazing!
Excellent........ without ads
Amazing
Great!!!
Good
Great
Later
Better than chrome
Absolutely fantastic!
Awesome.
Amazing browser
Good
Best mobile browser
Its good
best browser...so far
Great browser and bye bye ads!
Loved it....but still no support for HTML5
Good app thank guys
Very fast browser 🙂
Faster, safer, clean, crisp browser.
the best browser to block ads
best browser ever .... no ads
Faster than Chrome and ad free
It is working great for me
Excellent work...and looks like Chrome!
Keep it up!
Cool youtube adblock n background play
Easy to use, fast, uncluttered screen.
It runs nice, fast. Like it.
Great browser. No ads.
Nearly-perfect mobile browser.
Gotta go fast!!!
Absolutely freaking amazing!
Cheaper pls
So far so good.
Useless as Chrome
The best of the best it's ($ign Man)
Way better and safer browser
Waste of time
No ads :)
Thanks for promoting privacy!
amazing web browser..
Excellent user experience.
Keep pushing and improving.
so fast!
It's unbelievably good.
Brave browser batter then... Chrome
So far so good
Yes this is Adfree browser. Thanks Brave .
As it should be
The fastest browser on the market!
Best Chromium based browser for android
Flash fast. Certainly impresive¡ 👍😲🤔
Best browser ever!
A very stable, fast, and ad-free experience
This is the best thing ever
Make it speedy as much as you can. Awesome browser.
5 star if I can sync my bookmarks
Uninstall chrome and change to this. Best decision 10/10
Improve adblock.
Unfortunately still same before, The best name for this epic grave!
Amazing browser, very quick and.no ads! Love it
Superb app Weldon developer thank for such a good app
light fast excellent security and privacy features
Best Browser... Love it 😍 Good Job developers
Best browser on android in my opinion.
Good browser zero bloat Highly recommend
Fast, great execution of concept A+
Feels like chrome with an awesome ad blocker built in
Just needs an option to sync with Google and it would be perfect.
Fast like chrome but with ad block
Better than Chrome and fast. Impressed!
It's chrome without Google spying
I own 32.5 BAT coins. I'm rooting for you ;)
Very similar to Chrome with the added benefit of block ads
If brave has speed dial it would be perfect
Best one on here, works unlike others
Awesome browser that has made surfing the net what it should be
Best and fastest ad blocker browser. Based on chromium.
ZTE Blade L3
Good except when i change the homescreen address in settings it doesnt change it
Flash fast. Certainly impresive¡ 👍😲🤔
Fastest mobile browser I've used
Good,but make night themes
Best and fastest browser out there!
Great mobile browser. Well designed and stable.
Amazing and works great to block ads and redirects
Happy to pay, never go the ad way
best browser with ad blocker based on chromium
Its a motherloving G app. Retain yo privacy yo
Great app, adds blocked and no additional adds.
Wonderful product Brendan and team are creating here.
Great app, secure, open source, and it's backed by the creator of JavaScript
Sooooper Very Good Ad blocker  And with chromium usage it's great .......
Honestly, Brave is my favorite Ad block browser of all of the options (CM, Firefox Focus, etc.) because it is so close to Chrome, but my issue is that some YouTube videos do not play, and that was what I was mostly interested in Ad blocking. I am addicted to YouTube and Podcasts, but not the Ads! Despite that, I am assured that this is fast, efficient, familiar, and easy to use, and to my preferences, the best interface, since I am very fond of the way Brave is set up like Chrome. Just really needs YouTube compatibility, especially to make the most of the Video in Background feature that I am VERY, VERY happy with!!!
A browser provide sustainability environment for network development...  -1 Star due to the Autostart in Background if using certain app...
great
IMO best mobile browser on the market!  Built in ad blocking.... Smooth browsing.... Can't recommend enough!
Good, but white screen is too bright. Why is there no black themed night mode?
didn't work. allows websites to open the app store
Uc browser jaisa nhi h us may online play system h is mai nhi h
Cool
Great
Good
Everything is perfect... Only thing missing is the night mode. That's a must for me.
Works great on my phone!  Not so much on my Chromebook.  Trying to scroll selects something on the page, and if you have too many tabs open you can't access some because they pile up on each other.  I wish it weren't so bad, because I like Brave so much better than Chrome now.
Perfect browser. Just would be more awesome if it had night mode. TQ
The home button is back! I now have zero complaints about this browser. I love it. Fast, stable, ad-blocking - what's not to like?
I like it but the home button has vanished with the last update ?
Only thing wrong is it doesn't play a lot of YouTube vids and live streams so I can't really use it
I've used brave for months it saves your passwords regardless of settings & it won't run YouTube videos unless you go to the app & it doesn't block ad's anymore I'll be looking for a new non-chrome related browser ASAP
Latest update has made scrolling stuttery
Um what happened to the home button? If you think it takes up too much space just make it an option to turn on/off.
Would like to b able to move bookmarks up or down the list and also to be able to export and import bookmarks from other browsers to make the switch easier and to be able to backup bookmarks. Also to be able to remove some options in the settings list. Dont intend on using some of the options there. Like to keep things organized and clean and consider adding a stop (x) at the end of the url to stop a page from loading instead of going that extra step to get to it. Happens accidently at times. And also for it to remember its last position when going back to previous page.
After the recent update, the ad block fail!
Allow third party cookies settings doesn't stick , and needs a home button. Any possible way to set custom speed dial like most other browsers can ?
Dear Developers, It is nice app. I am using this app since last 3 months. I need one suggestion, it's in this app we can't copy paste text from any site. Need to improve on that.
It doesn't stop the ads and pop ups i just tried it with some streaming pages and the mf pop ups and ads keep coming on my screen, what can i do? Why its not working on my device? I will change the rating if u guys help me please.
Just a basic browser. The privacy features are not very good as they require manual deletes of history, cookies etc.
I love this browser and can't wait for new updates. I'm on Android 6.0.1 metro PCs.  Adblock is great. Only browser that blocks most ads.
Was using Chrome until the ads turned into malware (the typical "your device has been compromised, please install this thing that is definitely not malware!"), then discovered this browser which is basically chrome + ad  and tracker blocking.  Browsing is much faster and my phone in general feels a lot more responsive.
Far superior to chrome. Has adblock and JavaScript block built-in. It's been my default browser for more than a year.
Fabulous work....Speed is amazing and the ad blocker feature is fantastic...but i request the developers to please improve the downloader...it is same as chrome and makes us rely on external downloaders like adm...and if improve you it i think Brave will surpass chrome to some considerable extent..
The prodigal home button returns! That said, I was initially using Firefox with a privacy oriented set of add-ons, but was unhappy with the subsequent hit to performance. I stumbled upon Brave whilst looking for an alternative and, in about a week, I've decided to use Brave exclusively on both mobile and desktop. It's so much faster with much less hassle. Additionally, I love that the devs have carefully considered how Brave users can contribute to the online content they consume without surrendering to intrusive advertisements. Win-win all around!
Awsm , it give me freedom to browse any website.. no ads display...   Your web version is tooo big 😢
Fast, secure and private browser. The Basic Attention Token (BAT) is an interesting idea.
This is better than Google Browser or Chrome. And no adds. Please free yourself from Google's products as they spy on you and force their low-quality products on you.  I only keep Google Keyboard and Play store. Download reliable 3rd party hardware/software items instead.
They fixed some things like home bottom and ad blocker.. now it's perfect. Thanks for listening
Very fast and responsive browser with lot of builtin goodies. Would have been simply the best if it has the notes taking ability.
Great performance, security, and user interface. Just needs a couple more features.
Great app! Don't fool yourself with any other. Get it now!
Last update fixed HOME BUTTON, fair play devs for fix.
This is the browser of the future. Much better than any browser currently on the market.
So far so good. It's lightning fast and blocks all ads. Also clones all the best features from chrome, right down to tab design. Love it.
VERY Fast. Smooth scrolling, faster than Firefox, Chrome, and Edge. This is an excellent mobile browser. Made it my default.
Excellent browser. Using it only for a few days, but so far the best in play store.
It's the chrome browser which is awesome but it still displays pop-ups which is the biggest annoyance.
Probably the best browser on Android right now from a company that actually cares about your security and privacy
Best browser based on chromium on play store after Google Chrome. Good work guys
Want customized quick access for bookmarks at brave home, bottom navigation tools and a better download manager.
Perfect browser but uninstalling it because of lack of dark mode. Don't wanna burn out my eyes.
Awesome. No ads, fast, just all I wanted in a browser.
GS2, just crashes. Disappointed.
Some site seems to be opening in new tab but tab didn't opens
I thought this was ment to block youtube ads, doesnt do anything.
Really?? Doesn't work for youtube.
No way to sync bookmarks. And of you are modifying chromium then at least add a better download manager
It didn't do what it said it would, maybe it just me though.
It's speed is going down so I reduced my starts from 5 to 3
Awesome. Blocked all the ads in my android mobile and it's very fast too. Kudos to the entire team. Bravooo
Works great! If it had bookmark import or better yet bookmark sync and password sync it'll be 5+ stars.
It needs a flash drive added in so the customer can play flash games
Good web browser! Adblock is not power i need DNS66
I like this browser very much..... I would like to suggest that please add option to menu bar location (Top or Bottom)
best browser used,well downloading is only it's weakness
After update now Application is closing when I try to open main menu.
Do add the dark and inverted color mode like Samsung browser
Perfect replacement for chrome and its faster and it blocks add. What more do you need honestly.
Doesnt work at all
Please add popups blocker
It is good app but i my downloading files automatically get paused and doesn't restart
Doesn't even play any type of video. Otherwise it works, for the most part.
Awesome browser, lite & fast. only few improvements needed. please give option to download on sd card.
Firefox was not working and chrome is only getting slow. I grabbed this and as soon as i launched it and searched for what I needed it was instant.
Please add an option to clear all browsing data on exit, and it'll be full stars!
Awesome to see a group of people so dedicated to privacy. Really a boon considering chromium works so effectively on mobile
Privacy and the future option of getting paid to view ads!  What more can you ask for?!
Blocks ads well a must have if you want to read and save your sanity
Started seeing loads of ads.
It's look similar to chrome browser. It is better than other when it developed a unique and eye-catching UI based browser.
Still shows ad.? Why despite ad block?But why I had to report each and every web site I browse?
Syncing with PC please, also Lastpass plugin. Videos won't always play in the browser. Fix this for 5 stars. Great app.
Very good except the voice search icon keeps disappearing in both the search widget and the browser bar.
I love it!! Fast browsing , safe at the same time plus ad free can't ask for much more😀
Brave is my default browser on Android.   I find it easy to use and it loads pages very fast, without any annoying ads.
Lot of websites that didn't work on opera for example, work with Brave. It's fast, block ads, free. So far I am loving it and the best browser I have tried for Android. Excellent!
Problems solved. Still the best browser for Android. Reliable, smooth, and pay attention to privacy and security. The best browser imo
Best Browser on Playstore..... Internal Ad blocker and tracker makes it unique... I should say all browsers are at one side and Brave is on another side.... I would recommend to everyone....I should not say but, It replaced Google Chrome for me...
Good browser for mobile. I like the blockers it comes with. Not able to play webm unless opened in new tab
Every time I use it, after sometimes working properly it crashes. Otherwise it is the best browser.
Great browser beside the FACT THAT THERE IS NO VIDEO SUPPORT.  why is that so difficult I pull up a page and have to reload it in Chrome just to watch a video. Been told this should be updated soon though.
This is by far the best browser it seems on android, however is their plans to have a homepage with bookmarks for easy access to sites instead of having to go to a bookmark folder ? This would be the game changer. Thanks
We have. Big problem  with net work  let me  try this application  and see the change.
Annoying bug where the browser randomly stops your music and tries to play something in the background, even though there's no media on a page like Google search results.
Well designed!  Easy to switch between tabs, fast loading, no pop-ups...what more could you ask for
A very nice chrome mod, but there's a massive catch. You can't use Chrome sync on the Gmail account already existing on your Android. Please fix it.
Ad block is completely broken, it doesn't block anything anymore, actually there are more ads then before.
Having tried Chrome, Firefox with adblock extension, Firefox Focus, Opera, Opera Mini, Brave, Lightning, Dolphin and Microsoft Edge, Brave is the best of the bunch, although not without flaws.  Brave has the best adblocking of the lot, which is why you'll end up using it despite its problems.  Those problems are:  * The navigation bar is at the top, making browsing an awkward affair.  Browser designers, if your product is intended to be used on a phone, put your nav controls at the bottom, where people's fingers are when holding the phone. * There is no home button or menu option, and the home page/new tab page is where your most-used sites are stored.  This decision absolutely baffles me, because to get to one of those bookmarks you have to tap the tab button, close  your existing tab, and then create a new tab.  (You can skip the close step, of course, but then you have infinite tabs piling up.)  Where the home button ought to be is a button that shows you how many ads were blocked; I for one don't care how many ads were blocked just so long as I never see the little buggers. * Closing all tabs takes too many taps: tap on tab button, tap on menu button, tap on close-all-tabs.  On the plus side, rendering is snappy, I haven't had any rendering problems, and I haven't had any crashes.  Still looking for a better browser due to the UI issues, or hoping that this one gets fixed, but for now this is the one I'm using because of the excellent adblocking.
Supposedly you can create a page like on Opera that shows icons of the sites you go to a lot. And when I click the add to home screen, it doesn't add them even though it says it was added. It only worked once. I will uninstall and stick with the best browser,  Opera beta.
Installed then completely bombarded with pop ups. Absolute rubbish.
The app is awesome!  One little tweek would be if it would also show how many mb are saved by not loading ads.  It has definitely saved me from going over my GB cap.
Why does this browser have to run in background after exit?   Uses battery quickly
Seriously the best Chrome replacement. Sick of ads following me around all the time.
Wow! Super fast! It's amazing to browse a site like yahoo and have it look so clean LOL. I think that if the developers add a full screen option many people would adopt it just for that.
Most of the youtube video's don't work. Everytime "your browser doesnt recognize any of the video formats"
Keeps Google Assistant from working when app is open. I went to their help center to report this and someone had already reported it a few weeks ago and they still haven't fixed the problem.
It does what a browser is supposed to do without pasting news stories and other promotions on home screen.  I uninstalled it and tried other browsers but couldn't find any match to this. Keep up the good work. Good luck!
Just installed, no more ads! Can i import my bookmarks from Chrome as it looks the same platform?
Successfully prevented AIDS contraction by blocking filthy pop ups that plague mobile sites. I may now browse porn and torrents as I would on my desktop. Thank you
Like the app but in the last few days the adblock has stopped blocking ads
Browser is awesome.but Im uninsalling it as you don't support downloding to external sd card ...please include that fuction in next update.I will give 5 star..
please move the address bar with tabs to bottom of the screen for one handed use. thanks
Excellent, but the search bar should be on the bottom of the screen since our fingers are there by default. Edit: changed to 5/5 because of fast and useful reply.
Need power full download manager and web page crashes too many times please fix it
I've had thousands of ads and trackers blocked.  Nuff said.  Blows away Chrome, and Safari
Love this browser. It blocks every ad, prevents new tabs from opening, and of all it's exactly like chrome and FREE! I never have a problem with this browser, always works and it has never crashed on me!
Replaced Chrome with Brave. Mobile version is perfect! Waiting to replace desktop version too after fixing some issues...
Saw someone mention this on another adblocker so I gave it a try. The very first webpage I went to an ad popped up.
I like it. It's fast and a little basic but good. Only problem I find is there's no 'Home' button and a web address bar would make it better.
Was looking for tab access like Dolphin. The pics above show this, but ultimately it is identical to Chrome, which sucks out loud.
It is a awesome browser ,keep improving it. But downloader is very slow, sometimes stops please add faster downloading.
Hmmm..very similarly too Google browser. I don't understand why some big company just copy the same idea from other developer?
Wow! This app makes chrome and Firefox look like speed demons. Slow. Slow. Slow.
Can't play YT videos on sites. Always same error message, every other browser can play them. If and when you fix it then it will be 6* product. Also BAT coins will skyrocket invest now. update 29.11.17 lots of adds are coming through in last 48 hours.
Seems to be an efficient browser so far without the usual crash after a short time on lower memory android phones. One thing needs improvement through. Blocking random unwanted web pages from popping up like popup blocker add-on does for firefox and better script blocking like no script add-on does for firefox.  Also third party cookie control in the settings is good to add too.  The ad blocking feature isn't bad but an add blocker that you can custom ad block elements on a page like ultimate add blocker does for firefox would be a plus. Make these additions and changes and continue to make this browser add free (adds in a browser with add block defeats the purpose of add blocking - many poor excuses for such browsers on google play store site), I will give a five star rating then.
Really fast with everything you expect on a browser to function properly. And, extra features that really useful
Best mobile browser on the market. Watch YouTube ad-free! Brave is my default browser, safer and faster than Chrome.
So glad dev added home button and home page.  Thank you so very much.  Best browser ever.  To those who may be.reading comments before downloading browser, download the browser.  You will not be disappointed, I assure you
The app itself is good but my search widget loses the voice icon shorty after applying the widget. The search bar itself still functions but voice search functionality is completely lost.
Nice browser but doesn't support playing of YouTube videos in browser, and also can't see videos and gifs on reddit. Sad.
It's a good browser. Pretty much exactly like chrome but video playback is awful. Freezes constantly
It's basically Google Chrome,  but without the annoying ads.  Highly recommend it 🙏
There is not a single complaint about this browser, probably the best browser of all. But downloads are Slow, Please provide Fast download option(downloads in parts./multithread donload) & also Looking forward to bookmark Sync feature.
Excellent work, BRAVE !   I've been trying every browser and you get "the lion's share" of my votes. In our world, nothing is 100%, hence the 4*.  But coming from me, it says a great deal. Thank you!
This a very good browser indeed. What I love about it is that it takes everything from Chrome and add one useful thing which Chrome doesn't have: An ad blocker. Which works like a charm. Well done developer.  I just want one thing: The ability to make the address bar in the bottom. It'll be great for reachability and productivity.
Great app. Greatly speeds up page loads and browsing. Saves on battery life and bandwidth. This is how  mobile browsing should be. Nearly completely ad free with bandwidth not wasted on excessive ads and pop ups.
UPDATE : REALLY NEED BOOKMARK-ALL BUTTON TO SYNC WITH PC.  Farewell Opera. Been using you for 10 years, But I really don't like your new greedy shady owner. 🤑💩🖕  As for Brave, There's still things to fix,  But I've tried the desktop version  And it's faster than the other browser.  Love it 👍💕
Supposedly you can create a page like on Opera that shows icons of the sites you go to a lot. And when I click the add to home screen, it doesn't add them even though it says it was added. It only worked once. I will uninstall and stick with the best browser,  Opera beta.
Only problem so far is that it doesn't have a cross sign to stop loading the page. Please fix it.  Update - Adblock doesn't work properly, I shut it off for Google pages, but when I turned it on it still shows ads.  Update 2 - It just doesn't work as well.
Speed and usability are great but: video play is useless and a deal breaker, looking for something else. Keeps saying my browser doesn't recognise any of the video formats. As there is so much video contend these days not really a viable option.
I really love this app everything including the fantastic ad blocker. But.. when I visit a page and tries to go back it is not working I couldn't go back so tats the only problem and please solve it..
with the permissions, if this is different from any of the others, how so? Assuming one of the reasons for using a browser such as this is "incognito" why not make it so "always incognito" instead of making the user manually select this option? Judging by the settings, this works off of everything most of us are trying to find other options to, Google, chrome, etc... I've only just installed this and maybe my thoughts/opinions will change on it but for now I'm not too impressed. I do have the advantage of having watched a ted talk sort of video where you're trying to explain what you're doing with this but, as I mentioned, right now, not too impressed. All the microphone/camera permissions make me want to be sure I take the phone in the bathroom when I'm violently ill. Because to me, that's what these intrusions are worth.
Broke a lot of web content.  Wouldn't play webms in the same tab, some YouTube videos weren't supported.  Other various minor issues.
Uuh! I surf on news one hour daily on my phone. I am silly to have a 500 Mb RAM for this. I tried dozens of "speedy" browsers, than I gave up. All sluggish, takes forever loading larger pages, hard to close ads, videos are playing sluggish if they run at all. A pain. Accidentally, after a year, I downloaded this browser. I can't believe the EXPERIENCE. It works as it doubled my memory. Fast, no ads, scrolling easily, always keeps the first page loaded, by playing video in the second window easily, I still have almost 200 Mb free memory left. Unreal, PURE MAGIC. Thank you a lot!
Been using Brave on all platforms and really liking it, but scrolling has become very jerky on my phone. Firefox on the same websites (e.g. amazon.co.uk) is smooth enough, as is Brave on other devices. Tried changing settings but couldn't improve it. Any suggestions?
new tab button on top left corner is not the best choice, cause it's very uncomfortable to use it.. best regards
Good overall but some youtube videos do not work, says unsupported playback. Please fix this issue as this singularly prevents me using the browser fulltime.
I don't know how and why or who are people that have given this app anything than 5 rating,or at worst 4, this app is fantastic, even better than the Firefox quantum mobile version, it has no equal, it's feature rich out of the box, faster, blocks ads in more than one way for pleasant browsing. This is the best, not even google chrome is as good:::: it's true that being popular is not being the best, it's a question of marketing and exposure, something that brave browser needs to reach rest of mobile and desktop users.This is home of THE internet browsing
I dumped chrome and shifted to this! Very active development team.
Meh it's okay I guess. Interesting concept just a flawed execution. The biggest problem I've found is that the shield directly interferes with my email (I use GMX): I can't delete emails while the shield is up and if I open a link from an email I get a 403 error message in the new tab (I have to lower the shield in that tab and only then does the link work). It's irritations like that which prevent me from scoring higher. Until they're fixed then it's just more convenient for me to use another browser like Firefox and use plugins to achieve the same effect.
Needs element hiding edit: No specific details. The adblocker doesn't do cosmetic filtering. It doesn't hide the empty space left behind by removed ads. Other adblockers do that. Also, live streaming on youtube doesn't work. Some radio streams too
Excellent. Now I can actually read the news on my phone without a dozen flashing adverts for gambling sites and irrelevant autoloading videos. Could do with an option to hold down on an ad to add it to the block list for the handful that manage to get through. An option to remove social media icons would be nice too.
It started out smooth.   But then it becomes buggy. It has crashed several times or that it stopped responding. All these happened within 2 weeks of using brave browser.
I'm a Chrome fan, but I was having trouble with intrusive and obnoxious pop-ups on certain sites. Brave solved the pop-up problem while functioning just like Chrome.
I am addicted to any browser that has the tab feature.  It helps to be quick and does not lose downloads.  This one is nice.
Excellent privacy-focused browser. Very responsive. The built-in ad blocking really helps speed up page rendering times. Also really enjoy the idea of Brave Payments. I would much rather give sites micropayments to support them rather than be the product for advertisers myself.
Superb! Brave Browser is nothing short of fantastic. Wicked quick in loading Web Pages. Super snappy animations. Much better alternative to Mozilla Firefox as of now. Keep the good work up devs. 👍
If you're fed up with Chrome throwing news at you at home page w/o opt-out, try Brave. As a bonus, you get ad and tracker blocking.
Wow! It's AMAZING! Fast and far away from any troublesome adds or pop-ups.  CM Browser sucks!!!
This app was created by the bigot ousted from Mozilla a couple years ago. He's made bold claims about protecting privacy and creating a safe browsing environment. Really what he has done is create a system that allows him to data mine your browsing and divert approved ads through his network so that he can make a fortune off users and extort higher prices from advertisers. Avoid if you care about your privacy and don't want to support a bigot. I've actually seen extreme racists call this the official browser for white supremacists. Yeah.
I was genuinely surprised how much faster this browser is than Google Chrome. It just goes to show how much all those ads and trackers really slow down most traditional browsers. I highly recommend Brave.
Amazing browser. I dont usee chrome anymore cause it runs faster on my phone (galaxy s5) . Also no annoying adds.props to the developers
Has become my favorite browser. It's loaded with features to keep your browsing secure and private...https everywhere, script disabling, blocks ads even fingerprint blocking...can even chose between a variety of search engines... including duckduck go.... good by chrome
Fantastic Browser. I've been using Chrome on Android, generally Canary or Dev, for years now because of its consistently good performance and security updates, but my 6P is getting older and I like pages to load instantly. Brave had given my 6P a new lease on life.  It's yet to be implemented on mobile, but I think Brave's monetization model for content creators *should* be the direction the future of the internet heads in. I don't know if we'll ever be able to make paying pennies for content appealing to the mass market, but it would be a win-win for consumers and content creators.  FEATURE REQUEST: It is sometimes necessary to temporarily turn off the "shield" because a social feature of web page is missing. It is generally desirable to block these parts of the page as they are used for tracking and slow down page loads. However, for such situations, the user most remember to manually turn the "shield" back on before leaving the page, otherwise the shield will be turned off on that entire website going forward which is not desired behavior. It would make sense to have a button or toggle that would reload the current page ONE time without the shield, but NOT change shield settings for the website going forward.
Love the browser so far no issues. Pretty much on par with chrome. But I say let's blow chrome out of the water 😀 the only issue I have is if I do a Google search and I go to the page I'm searching if I hit the back button it won't go back to the Google search it will revert back to the same page instead of going back to the previous page.
I really like the app it does what it says but some videos on the mobile browser doesn't play on youtube. Also the desktop mode is missing resolution modes likes 480 and 1080p. For some reason it acts weird when playing video in this mode aswell. Sometimes when you play the videos you will see infinity: Nah nah nah.
Exact same user interface as Google Chrome and just as fast if not faster with effective ad blocking. Also uses WAY less battery than the Chrome that comes out of the box. First time using it and it really did surprise me. Amazing browser. A+++
Absolutely fantastic! I am now finally able to surf the web uninterrupted by ads and popups and this is the fastest mobile browser I have ever come across. This is a truly brilliant browser and I highly recommend it.  ***Edit*** was amazing for one week and now all the ads and pops are back up, even more than there were on other browsers, very disappointed.
Great browser, just wish dashlane worked with it
Why was the home button removed?
Still not working to play video (not support html 5) in mobile version. But working on desktop mode.
Please add back Oreo adaptive icon.
This browser is great! Smooth and fast. A nice option for those looking to get away from Google products
Great browser but the app ignores screen time out time.  If left on, the browser eats up all my batteries by leaving the screen on.  Otherwise zero flaws.
Just the best browser of all-time.  If you are not using this browser, you're doing it all wrong.  I do wish there was an option to add a home button.  I don't like having to use bookmarking..I just like to push home button whenever I want to search.
Brave browser is truly my only option when it comes to blocking unwanted ads on all websites. It is simply, fast, and efficient. I totally recommend this to anyone looking for a solid browser with ad blocking capabilities. The only issue I have with this app is that I cannot long press the home button for Google Assistant while the Brave browser app is currently opened.
Wheres the home button gone
Please bring the home button back.
Please add night mode features . I love this browser
All things are good but you didn't listen to brave users as when one send an email to the developer address the reply from you is kindly visit the brave community page for assistant. Why are you unable to reply directly to the email and not directing users to brave community. Also the replies to the reviews which user gave you about your browser on Play Store your reply would be to visit the brave community page and you don't reply to the feedback of user on the platform from where it is asked directly.
Great way to vote with my dollars
Its curious for me after all tjis time brave community devs still didn't find a way to backup bookmarks. Brave pc browser not getting installed too in Windows 7 starter.  I do change ROMs of Mobile frequently and even change mobile after some months. So its a pain staking process for me. Ahh time for me look for other browsers ? By the way will miss the chromium platform
Great app for web surfing and YouTube without anymore annoying ads.
Chrome, but better. That's all there really is to it.
It's a reliable alternative for browsing sites.
Overall i am liking this browser...but for the fact that it opens the last site you were on. There by using data needlessly. If there was an option to clear tabs/history on exit, problem would be solved.
Brave is now my main browser for android and PC. I just LOVE it!
No option to move the navigation to the bottom? What a shame 'cause otherwise it's fast and clean. All the control at the top? Seriously? Unfortunately, immediately disqualified.
It let's me brows the internet faster, but didn't get rid of a single pop up add. The base samsung Internet actually blocks more pop ups than this browser. What good is fast Internet if I have to spend more time closing unwanted pages?  So disappointing.
Love this browser used it for some time. However, it cant play quite a number of YouTube videos ( comes up with a: your browser does not currently recognise any of the video formats error). Considered switching to firefox but I still prefer brave. So currently use both.
Broke a lot of web content.  Wouldn't play webms in the same tab, some YouTube videos weren't supported.  Other various minor issues.
not worth trying. doesn't block pop up ads, other browsers do it better. doesn't even have desktop mode always on option, settings are little to none. its just a clone of adblock browser. there are way better and faster browsers that actually block popups and most ads.
I always use Chrome but this browser is awesome. Pages load quickly and do not have the usual clutter of annoying ads. The model the team is going for is great for content providers and if it is successful we will see higher quality content coming from more sources. I think this app is absolutely worth trying and if you are interested do some research on Brave and BAT. Cool stuff!
UI bug leaves address bar sized unusable black area at top of screen randomly. Only closing and reopening resolves. Highly annoying. No way to submit bug reports from app - must register on their forum. Stupid.
Unable to login to Sporting Life website. When you try it starts an endless loop and fails to get to the login page. I've enabled popups as I thought that may be the cause but seemingly not. Will give 4 or 5 stars if fixed.
Regret not switching earlier. No more ads! :')  But does crash at times if too many tabs are open. Do look into that.
My browser of choice.  Works great as an adblocker and it runs faster/better than Chrome/Firefox/Opera on the Samsung Galaxy S3. I have no problems. No crashes/errors. No lagging. No system slow down.  In my opinion - this the perfect browser for new and old smart phones.  Well done devs - you have done a great job :)
Those saying it's slow, your current browser has caches built up for websites you've viewed. Installing a brand new browser you can not compare speed unless you do so on a brand new phone.   After surfing with it for a while you'll see how it's way faster that all of the other browsers.
After trying dozens of browsers I've discovered my ultimate favourite. Brave is by far the simplest, fastest and memory efficient browser, not to mention it has a perfectly working desktop view mode. Only thing is, I'd appreciate the option to not reopen all tabs upon starting the app.
The ad-block is great, however the video autoplay setting is not working. Although I have chosen do not autoplay under search settings &gt; video &gt; do not autoplay, the video preview in the search page still automatically played. And even more devastating, the autoplay will pause my music player or spotify. I hope you can fix this issue in the next update.  Tested in Oneplus 5, Oxygen OS 4.5.14
While overall as a browser it's pretty decent. Doesn't have as many control options compared to other browsers which isn't always ideal. Currently doesn't block first party advertising on pages such as Google or options for selectively blocking elements. If these features are implemented I would probably find myself using this browser again.
For a browser supposedly dedicated to the user's privacy, WHY does it want access to your camera and microphone?!  Another needlessly invasive app.
Dear, open Dainik Bhasker epaper on your brower and u will come to know how good is your browser. Chrome opens it immediately. But u r fail on this part. Anyways thanks i am uninstalling it.
A little bit big could take one or 3megabytes. But stabe from crashes and okay for what it is. I give a 4.7 rating.
Bring back the home button. Once again I love this browser but the latest update removed the home button again. Please bring it back or at least make it optional.
Fast, Ad free, sleek and efficient.
Best browser on the market. Now just to get moving on the micro payments so my BAT skyrockets....
Great browser and awesome concept.
URL bar issues
We need dark mode!
It's certainly faster than Firefox and takes less space and memory. But(t) and a big one - OPTIONS FOR CUSTOMIZATION ARE EXTREMELY LIMITED. Heck, it won't even let you choose what page to display at startup; it just reopens the previously open pages or shows you the dashboard if none was open.   Not so convenient for data use; I couldn't find the option not to load images on data connection.   Ad block lets way too many ads and there is no option to manually block them. (Is there AdBlockPlus version for Brave?)   In brief - good for start but leaves much to be desired.
YouTube videos won't work. some issue with html5
WHERE IS THE HOME BUTTON. Yet again home button has been taken away. Unbelievable.
New update ruined the whole experience.  Now,  after update can't navigate between settings' screens,  blank screens everywhere,  why do you developers always ruin a good thing? Huh?  Why Can't you leave well enough alone? Uninstalling.  This app sucks now. Thanks for the update,  geniuses.
Browsing is horrible now that the home button was taken away AGAIN!!!! Stop listening to those devs that say it looked cluttered! Function over form!!! UNINSTALING thanks for ruining the browsing experience!
After using I will assess your app to see how good it is.
Implement metamask into it.
Ok
This browser is great! Smooth and fast. A nice option for those looking to get away from Google products
open source, respects your freedom and privacy. This is a great browser and it can only get beter
Great browser!
Best browser in android.
By FAR the best browser available.
Good
Best
Nice
This app beats Firefox
Finally.. chrome with adblock. Thx
AWSOME
Most convenient android browser by far
Full featured browser for android
Ad blocker is fixed and video audio can play in the background! Thank you!
Awesome safe free browser
This is the browser of the future. Much better than any browser currently on the market.
Very Nice!
Awesome. Background video play... Love it.
I use this Brave browser as my default on Windows and Android because it is quick and blocks out what I don't need. Smooth as Chrome plus seems more secure.
Loved it Especially the little lion head  Never felt safer  Great app
Best browser, blocks ads by default and fast loading times.
The home button has disappeared again.  Dec 14th
Still no sync option,no night mode etc.. But overall my favorite browser
This is what the future should look like.
Best current and future web browser.
Please put the home button back, I would hate to go back to chrome.
Super fast & efficient.. Works like chrome but feels way better!
Best browser for privacy. And good for browsing, everything works.
It's good as normal browser. Just it drain battery more than anything else.
Best browser in the market
Great browser with built in ad blocking plus a lot more!
Great browser, using this as my default now. S8+
Best browser for sure!
By far the best browser for Android!
Best browser ever! Try it! Thanks Brave!
Just one issue, takes ups too much space
Cannot handle html5 videos
Used to love this app. But the recent theming does not work for me. Is there a way to disable it?
I like how this app looks like Google Chrome but with an extension  Παιδιά η εφαρμογή ειναι κομπλε μοιαζει με το google chrome ειναι βολικό το συνιστω καυλακια😎
Fast like chrome (similar interface and functionality) . Block ads. Great.
Chrome with adblock and none of the RAM-hogging. Highly recommended.
Did not want Google as the home screen,yet was stuck with it
Much better options out there
Add a translator!!
Like chrome with an adblocker
Please bring night mode qr scanner and reader and will give it 5 🌟
Very cool I am now dumping all other browsers this one does what the the other won't or can't do
You made some GREAT IMPROVEMENTS to this! Now It's 1 of my GO TO BROWSER 😀 keep up the good work! Bravo 2U!
Please add phone layout design as an option to current pc version Try opera mini for example   Great work
Oda gidi gan mo fe ran app Na,  I ma ko idunu baami. Ese gan
Chrome without the ads. Awesome.
Are you guys still trying to implament import/export options with bookmarks?
Worst app
Wants my location to switch to a different browser than Google.
Please allow space for 10 bookmarks,and make sure they don't shift constantly.
Gifs shouldn't cause my music to stop. Fix this and you can have 5 stars.
This app sucks it doesn't block any ad
It doesn't support html5 which sucks if you want to watch a new video.
Privacy! What privacy! I am getting SMS adds now because they sold my phone number to scamers. UNINSTALL
It was working really well from a long time, but now it just crashes so often.
Worst app ever
This is how the internet runs without ads bogging everything down! Thank you Brave!
Always come back to this.
Awesome and powerful ad blocker, love the browser, you should add optimization count
Awesome and speedy. The phone was having problems running eBay until this app was installed. Do it.
It's like Chrome with uBlock origin on desktop. Fantastic.
Ad free  Fast great  love it.
Super easy and snappy little browser, no more annoying ads. Still worth checking out even if you're using FF with adblock.
Best mobile browser available. Super fast and the best part.. no ads! I'm very happy with brave.
Works great as a fast secure browser, but until there's sync capabilities that allow easy import of bookmarks, this isn't truly ready for prime time.
Works great, probably the best browser I've ever used, but it needs more optimisation, especially on low end devices
Pretty good browser. The only thing stopping me from fully committing is sync capabilities.
The best browser going. Google Chrome,Firefox,and Opera are way behind the ball when compared to this browser.
Useless. All the porn ads come through with this. And dodgy popus saying my ohone is infected. Useless.
It's very useful but I can't watch YouTube video.Why is that happening?
Excellent -- except -- for my version 1.0.33 I find no way to backup or sync my bookmarks. I'd be grateful if I could simply export / import bookmarks as is possible on most desktop browsers.
Please explain to me why I would use your browser if I cannot import my bookmarks into it.
Ad blocker is very weak, doesn't block much.
while browsing it stops responding and force close
does not cosmetic ad filtering like adguard or ublock origin. you will still see ads on google.
This app made my phone have a system crash-- didn't happen with other apps before.
Need free   video  voice calls
It's chrome without the memory leaks.
Unimpressed by browsing speed and in the last day it stopped working and just shuts down by itself
Good but needs some UI improvements and more possibilities like basic gestures, open new tab in front, quick bookmark (ability to replace the menu of blocked contents)...
This is my go-to app for browsing over firefox, chrome and the nameless browser that came with this phone
Seemed good at first, but does not block text ads on Google or Bing and there's no way to add more ads to be blocked.
Updated the App and lost all my incognito tabs. Now everytime I switch to another app I lose all my Incognito tabs
It is super fast and it blocks annoying ads. I do not need anything else. Love it.
Meh. If I want some ads I'll use a browser that allows ads. Ditched and went back to Ghostery, which both renders more accurately and blocks them all.
Not only does it not block ads anymore it put a virus on my phone. Uninstalling as soon as this loads.
Astounding. Hands down the best browser I've ever used on a smartphone. A step in the right direction for the future of the web.
Super laggy and did not block very many ads.
Only browser to support dual speaker mods. Any other browser would not play any html5 videos for me except for this one. Bravo.
I want to delete it from my phone cause I want to free some space up, but it just wont, already tried uninstalling but it just pops back again, can someone help?
I liked it but have stopped using it now asking it keeps displays a message that says "chromium needs access to location"
Doesn't play most of YouTube videos. Shows error otherwise very solid product.
Waste of time cause mine keeps installing in chinese
So far I like it, no problems
Though this is a copy of Google chrome but still it gives lot better performance than chrome which makes it my favourite browser in the store
Its ok for me. Wht i dont like, very SLOW loading video on facebook and sometimes stuck.
App was great then all of a sudden uses a limited version of Google,  can't access videos at all now!
Can't manage to set my home page. I go to settings and enter where I want to go, but when I open the app, it defaults back to my carrier's homepage
Like the browser, but will no longer load images on bing search and other sites.
Chrome & Safari are for losers. BRAVE is better
This application is what I was looking for it stops the annoying adds big thanks
Fast, efficient, and saves my battery.
The best browser out there .. Super fast with many features .. Thumbs up 👍👍
Might as well use chrome as basically that what's running it...
One-off the better ones if there was an option to stop videos from auto starting
Best browser based on chromium on play store after Google Chrome. Good work guys
How do i use it though
Google knows I'm using Brave, I wonder what they are going to do about it.
The brave shield isn't working anymore. Please fix! Was working great before
Fast browsing, excellent ad blocking. Just wish there was a dark theme.
Can't access the about:preferences
Just the app i have been looking for
Built in ad blocking.  Fast as heck. Tons of other good options.  No regrets.
it works well. requires a sync feature
Even better than Firefox Quantum Beta or Firefox Focus. End of story!!
This is the best browser I have ever used. Superb add blocker and speed. Thanks a lot for it.....
Everyone will eventually be using it.
No htlm 5 support.
Unable to load reddit anymore???
Saves data and block ads on mobile.
Still has issues with video playing, otherwise irreplaceable
This browser seems pretty good so far. It's definitely fast.
ein sehr gutes app
doesn't block all ads
Just a Google Chrome copy!!
Nice it block all nonsense stuff.
Best browse I have ever used, Please add syn option 😁
Best and speedy. I would recommend this brave browser to all friends
Didnt work
I loved chrome! But it didn't have ad blocker... Now this browser is chrome with ad blocker!  Perfect!!!
It is like a breath of fresh air compared to other mobile browsers.
Faster, safer & add free. The best browser I have tried.
Faster than Firefox on somethings best if you support lat tech
Home button? Add bookmarks to start page? Data savings?
Thanks for fixing background audio.
One of the best browsers I've used. Fast and no nonsense. How browsing should be.
Just adding a basic home screen button would do wonders...  Need it.
Downloader is not good
Finally, browser that actually blocks f. ads
Needs an integrated rss reader page like opera mini to be a true browser for mobile
I can't use this to block adds on YouTube since it doesn't recognise the video format.
I can't believe it, it's fantastic!! Fastest browse ever, no ads, I love it
Best browser. It is fast secure.  You can make short cuts on your home screen. Brave ad block superior to Samsung ad block extensions.
pls release an setting for move the lion icon inside to the 3 dots menu, i need more space for views the URLs on the address bar also pls remove the incognito icon
Great browser the ad blocker works because I went to a site , which was the guardian website and there were no ads.
Good fast browser. I just didn't like that there is no way to close all tabs when you close the browser. You have to close every tab one at a time.
This is the best browser in history, literally. It is super fast and has a clean user interface. The adblock is perfect and also is the multitasking. As someone said, this is definitely chrome on steroids.
The best adblock browser i have used but still not fluent as the original chrome and the embedded videos are not working at all.
Pops up adds uncontrollable.. need fixing.
Ad blocker is a joke here. So I uninstalled it
Would be perfect if there was an option to put custom bookmarks on the home page, instead of just showing your most visited links.
impressed !! does its job tidy and fast. one question though - how do I import bookmarks from chrome ?? and where to wjll they be synced ??
Beautiful. But literally prevents Google Assistant from working with my Pixel 2 XL on Android Oreo 8.1. Assistant works on all other apps.
Its very good one but i hope devlopers fix the videoes on youtube wich not working with Brave
So far so good! It's really fast (I wish I could say the same for the windows desktop version) and nothing concerns me so far!
Faster than Firefox and blocks ads that other fast browsers dont.  4 out of 5 bc i need to try it out longer.  Videos appear to play fine.
Works great but not impressed with having to toggle third party cookies every time for disqus to work
Best browser ever so far. Very efficient power usage. And as powerful as chrome as it is based upon the open source chromium
If you get pissed with ads, this browser is for you
Awful! Keeps saying I'm offline!
It works, but compared to Dolphin this browser stinks.
It opens pages quickly without intrusion from ads and works smoothly even on large pages. Not much more you want from a browser. Well done. Hope it stays that way!
We need an intelligent pop-up blocker. There must be an option to ask user permission whenever a webpage try to open a new tab.
One of best browsers out there... Specially if you need a browsing experience like Chrome as well security features like adblocking, tracker blocking...
Noticed lately adblock and Firefox running sooooo sloooooowly its unbearable, this combines Chrome speed with Firefox functionality, almost perfect.
Browser is awesome.but Im uninsalling it as you don't support downloding to external sd card ...please include that fuction in next update.I will give 5 star..
It's great! If you could import bookmarks and history from chrome it would have been a lot better.
After all I found a browser that fulfilled my all needs. This browser surely is better than chrome browser because it blocks ads that is excellent. Thanks brave browser.
A really awesome experience. Literally I have opened the exact same window with two different browsers. No comparison. Love it!
Perfect browser for those that prefer security and privacy! Easy to use and reliable, I recommend Brave to all my friends and family!
Memory leak made it impossible to use at time
Overall great app, built it ad blocker. Most stable I've used so far with very little resources needed.
very slow on a old 4 year tablet.
Loved this browser but just crashes for me now.. cleared data reinstalled reset permissions makes no difference..
Ad blocking browser with samsung dex support.
Brave browser is fantastic. Don't get me wrong, there are quite a lot of useful privacy browsers for all operating systems but Brave has truly implemented every recommended protocol out there. Aside from ad and tracker blocking, there's javascript blocking, https only and freaking fingerprint blocking. I haven't seen that on any other browser for Android or iOS as of yet. Many people don't realize that online fingerprinting is the new form of profiling info to sell since ads are getting blocked so heavily these days. On top of that, it is built from Chrome, so you still get that compatible, smooth, and familiar interface on Chrome. The browser isn't perfect and could use some more customization options. There's no HTML5 video support. It could use an OPTIONAL acceptable ads program as well. I know people hate ads but it is the only form of income for many devs who don't offer a subscription service or sell your info and this new monetization platform Brave is trying to start may just be the platform of the future but until then we need to use what our Mamas gave us... banners and pop ups. Also, I'd like to see the exact method of how the fingerprinting blocking works as outright blocking the scripts from running actually puts more of a target on your back. You really want to dump your fingerprint after a few hours or days depending on your usage. Hopefully the developer has implemented this in to the browser (I'd really imagine he knows this). Speaking of the developer, it doesn't get more trustworthy then these type of guys. As a fellow developer (Not as skilled as Brendan) and programmer, I can assure you all that the co-founder of Mozilla and creator of this browser, Brendan Eich is a very talented and concerned guy. No one goes this far out of their way to make such a focus on privacy without having an agenda for money or a serious passion for what they do and even though Mozilla has been under fire  recently, I believe it is the latter.
Excellent, so good to do searches without being followed up by advertising promoting your searched items.   😋
I love that it's a familiar UI to Chrome, but I wish I could log into my google account and sync everything like bookmarks and such.
Why when you close the last tab, you close the browser. I always open my links in background tabs, cycle through them and press back to close them. If I reach the last tab, the back button closes the entire browser.
This doesn't fix my problem I always get sent to random websites and random ads pop up and don't pause any games
Still doesn't work ads still come up and I hate it
I love how it is very similar to Chrome. It truly is the best browser on the playstore. 👍
Best browser HANDS DOWN! Lightning fast and ultra secure. Can't wait for BAT integration to mobile! Brave is going to do big, big things! 😄
The best browser I've ever tried. And trust me, I've tried lots of them.
Wow! This could quite possibly be the best browser on the play store! I know it's a modified Chromium browser, but it's still super stable! 10/10! Thanks for making this wonderful app! P.S. Cool icon!
it doesn't let me sign in to my Google account to restore /backup my bookmarks.. disappointed
It keeps crashing all the time. If not it would be the best browser out there.
Good browser to stop adds.  However needs html5 video support before i can rate it 5 stars
100 times better than chrome...would you provide the dark background for webpages like samsung browsers high contrast mode
Best browser ever, blocks annoying ads and it is super fast!
This is the best broswer i ever used, it can block a sturbborn ads on any website which other browsers can do. Keep it up the good work
When a Printing page appear if i chose to download the page through the download icon, The browser stuck and after that the printing option of it never start before reinstall 😞
Please add option to disable history or delete history on close
Cant Find any bad thing s So 4 star if improving in future 5 star lol good browser overall
It's so easy to use that even my dad can handle it
Can you add a bottom navigation bar optional feature for phobes like me that have a tall display, thanks keep up the speed on your browser
Easy to use and im really liking this ad blocker. Where I live is quite remote so I do like how I am getting a little more data than previous browser..
Surfs just fine!  But dont expect night mode, or full screen mode. Close to 5 stars.
Your browser caused a security alert forcing me to change my Google password.
Firs time user impression: a brilliant fast no nonsence fast browser. Thanks!
App crash in fb message page . plz fix
Uselles Adblock. You should add AAK-Continued Script+Filters becuase every site uses Anti-Adblock Protection. Until then, 1 star
Blocks the pop-up ads that makes Chrome a pain to use.
Thank you for helping me get rid of Google and ridiculous ads while still feeling like a normal browser.
Edit: reveals ip address even with vpn, don't use it. Does it on Windows as well. Steer clear, you're better off modifying Firefox.
Wenn auf meinem OnePlus3 jetzt noch die Synchronisation gehen würde... Oder bin ich nur zu doof die zu finden?
Perfect! Makes it very easy to only run JavaScript on whitelisted sites.
I hate it. Because it doesn't blocked ads. Good bye.
Why can't I use Google assistant from this app!? Please fix this and I will give Brave 5 stars
Brave! Full Five Stars General, among browsers, swept away Chrome into the Sea
Everything good that chrome has plus amazing privacy and ad control and no spying on me.
Please add back and forward abilities to your browser because I have to search for the link I clicked in order to go back forward where I was at. Other than that you're browser is very effective and good. Thank you.
Awesome job. Must use browser before dying
If I could give it  0 I would absolutely horrible never stopped on le ad and wouldn't play any video. I would rather try and get past the ads then use this worthless app
There is the same problem adblock not working
First thing i googled.....ads are the first result. Garbage.
Ive always hated adds and it blocks all of them. Love it
It's just like Google but without ads.
I will try and see.
fast, block ads & tracking totally luv it
While using this app my mobile locked all of a sudden and i couldn't restart or do any thing for 1 to 2 mins.
Friendly ui, good speeds, no ads, free
Excellent browser 0%  ad
The best android browser.
Faster browser ever
Best browser available for sure
It's a really good browser.
The best browser
Best browser out there.
Best browser I ever used
No ads
Eh
Best use of Chromium
exellent adblocker. good work. thanks !
Clean!!! Keep up the good work
I love  Sean Paul
No flash
No ads
Better than Firefox and chrome
Well it's fine I guess...
Useless and nonsensical
Loll look at the top of his head😂
nice combined with adguard. haahhaha
Top speed! Best protection and privacy!
Best for ad block.
This browser is VERY FAST!! GET IT!!!
Love the shield. Blocks tons of stuff.
Reduced ads
#XCELLENT
Pretty fast and stable with some tweaks.
Best ever. Fast, simple, smart
Best browser in the play store.
Brave Thank u for build this Brave app
One of the most efficient browsers.
Very good blocker
Clean interface, safe browsing.
300+ ads blocked within 24 hours 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 and one extra🌟
Nice browser, but pray  tell where is the home button????
So it is working great
THE BEST !
Top browser and ad blocker to boost
Best mobile browser I have used
Good browser but slow download
I uninstalled both Chrome and Firefox. Best browser.
Loved it Blocking of ad and trakers..very useful
Great app same as chrome loved it as secondary browser
Best clean chromium browser Just add dark mode.
I still get ads.
Nice...but need lots more improvement..🤔⁉️
Can't access the about:preferences
Fast and reliable!  Never had an issues
Same as the Google Chrome interface....
Runs so smooth on my Chromebook. Love it.
Simply brilliant !!! The best by far as of 2016
Bye bye ads
Great it block all ads i uninstall crome
Browses quick and clean, and I'm not using Chrome.
Fast, and it just works! I love the Brave payments idea, and BAT!
Functionally it is great, good by to ads. Buy BAT tokens
Petition to rename to "Aw, Snap!"
Wooooooonderrfullll browser.  May GOD bless the development team!
It's great app.now I'm browsing without adds 💯%
Pretty fast and stable with some tweaks.
Love being able to play audio in the background.
Very fast. Faster than Firefox with ad blocking extensions.
Simple and great. Thank you for this awesome browser.
Best Browser Ever! BYE BYE CHROME
Feature request: a dark theme and adaptive circle icons.
Its good has no ad or bug to this day
Best ever secured browser. Highly recommended. Secured replica of chrome.
Best browser for Android with adblocking as a default.
Fantastic! So happy to leave chrome
Goodbye Chrome!
It is great to have a browser that blocks ads great work team
This is the future, it's so fast. Amazing!
It does what it means.
How do I use it?
I' ve used this almost a year. It's the best.
Awesome browser. Clean and fast. Values privacy and I like that.
Chrome based. Blocks ads and tracking. Top browser choice.
Nice,Fast rendering with ad blocker,block 3rd party cookies.Excellent
Ad Free
Best browser! All the awesomeness of Chrome, with a great Adblocker
Interesting mobile browser, ad blocker works most of the time.
Excellent browser!
Best web browser!
Good browser.
No ads! Infinitely better than Chrome!
this is the best browser so far with built-in adblock
Great browser!
Great browser. Light and fast.
Very good browser, highly recommended.
Good browser. Tracks ads and other features. Basically google chrome with many extra features.
One of the best browser
Best browser...10 out of 10
this is best browser... Thank u so much brave
This browser does magic. ✌
Best chrome like browser with best ad-block & popup block. But it won't play HTML5 videos.
I am already impressed
Nyc..app
very good
Fastest browser
So fast!
Good browser!
Like it.
One of the greatest navigator, as simple as that
Better than Chrome
Wow! This is good. Thanks so much!
Blazing fast
So far so good on what it says it is good at
Best browser experience really...
Ad blocker.  Love it
You take my location and you call yourself a private and secure...
Great... Very fast and nice looking to
Decent browser, mobile version only🍕
It's good
Extremely fast, adblocking works flawlessly
Superb! Blocks all ads.Thank you!
very good app I like it
I will try and see.
The best product ever!
Super fast & efficient.. Works like chrome but feels way better!
Faster browser ever
Nice browser that does what it says on the box. Why the counters on the new tab page? Doesn't help the user, and seems like the browser tooting​ it's own horn. No use. Please remove, have option to remove, or replace with something useful
Best browser so far, but please add feature to control image quality (low-med-high) for better data saving and night mode feature, I hope for it in the next update.  UPDATE: Dev didn't listen to your advice. Good browser, but suck services.
Privacy control at your fingertips, ad blocking and a great layout to boot. Very fast even with +/- 16 tabs open constantly. Running Android 6 on S7 phone. Keep up the great work!!
Love it
outstanding app....
SUper
good app is good
Tried this browser for the first time today - absolutely loved it except for you cannot import bookmarks from Google Chrome on Android. What the heck? In this day in age I would think that would be one of the most basic pieces that everybody would want to have and that Brave would want to provide. This is the only reason I am frustrated by using Brave as my default browser. So many complaints on the internet regarding the same situation. Please help - especially if I am missing something.
This should be the default browser on any Android device. Awesome! Four stars cause it's missing options for Google sync (bookmarks, history, etc). Also, Google Assistant won't pop up with Brave running. Pixel 2 Android 8.0.
Everything is fine.because I used this browser in my desktop.but right now in my phone it can't download the torrent files as it downloads only the .exe file and doesn't start to stream or download.
Can we have a night mode, please? The white background is hurting my eyes. Besides, even Samsung's browser has a night mode.
I hate it when facebook forces me to install messinger with no option to skip. Can you please fix it :)
Great
I love this app. The unique problem since October is that some pages after loading, they crash and I need to reload them. Other than that great
Overall my favorite browser with some minor annoyances. I love how well it blocks ads and that it is per device. The one thing that doesn't work for me is adjusting text size and many pages have inconsistent text size.
Freaking awesome
Absolutely nice
Please grey the brave logo on top right. It's quite distracting.
I used to think Brave was a five star app, but recently I've noticed a lot more ads slipping through. That and the fact it blocks embedded tweets/image tweets as ads are the only drawback to an otherwise amazing product.
Home page on 4.4 update is terrible.  Previous version allowed 9 bookmarks (which was a bare minimum). Version 4.4 only allows 6 bookmarks (unless I'm missing a way to  add more.)  The top portion where it states Trackers Blocked, Ads Blocked, etc. is also taking up valuable space.  The homepage should allow many more bookmarks(15-20). Having to go thru 3 more steps     by way of the menu is not efficient.  Would give 5 stars, but because of the home page, will only give 3.
Thank you for fixing the most annoying setting in chrome! You constantly had to re-check (request desktop site)
Best Android adblock web browser! All ads are blocked, none slips thru. Very fast page loading. Currently missing HTML 5 video support and translation.
Fast..
Great apps
Awesome.
Awesome
Love, love, love it
Nice.
good application
Go Brave !!!!!!
nice app
Ad
It's the best
Gr8 browser
Night Mode please. People use browsing to read, many of them use before sleep it will use full. If not might I will looking another browser.
Used to be the best but over the last twenty-four hours it crashes constantly. It's so fast and frequent I literally cannot compose a single tweet with it. Sad, previously I'd have paid for this app it was so great, recommended it to everyone. Uninstalling as it's useless now.
Very fast and lightweight, sadly based on chrome and has all of the chrome setbacks. Not customizable. videos launching the youtube app (i cannot even delete this app and i hate it). switching back to adblock browser, even if it is a bit heavier.
So just like many other advertised pop up blocker Browsers this does not block pop ups as promised either.  Disappointing.
For some reason Chrome lags heavily on my device while all the other apps run smoothly. Thus I was looking for a replacement browser. Most of the other browsers I tried used more battery than chrome which was a problem for me. That's when I came across Brave. This is a really good and fast browser that doesn't consume a lot of battery. Probably the best browser I've used. Highly recommend it!
Excellent browser. Made me switch from Opera.  Google Chrome UI with an ad blocker. Exactly what I wanted!  The only thing that needs improvements is the download manager. During downloads, it does not show the total size of the file and the download speeds. I hope these things get added soon the next updates.
A good browser but recently has stopped blocking ads, which was the reason I used it. More and more ads send to be sneaking in.
Best browser in the market
Best browser. Recomended to everyone. One question , why the google logo is not shown when a new tab is opened ?  Edit: Video playback is unstable. While watching video in incognito mode , if the notification option for closing incognito mode is tapped , browser force close , this doesn't happen with google chrome , pls fix it
This is it. I've been searching for the best browser that integrates an ad blocking feature without all of the annoying features that browsers often have. This one looks and feels exactly like Chrome with the added benefit of ad blocking. The perfect browser.
Good browser. The only thing I don't like is that there is no night mode.. And if you devs are adding night mode please make use of the amoled screens (i have multiple devices and wrote this review from an htc m8 which is not amoled of course) and make night mode full black plz.. And also the app icon.. Can you guys add optional app icons we can choose from? Some people like to fully personalize their phone and this just does not fit in ATM (in my theme setup that is) thanks
Best browser period
This is what I wanted. An alter ego of Chrome with in-built ad blocker. However, the app keeps giving the "aw snap" messages very frequently and everything Google has to say in this case (for Chrome) has failed. Except this, this is the best browser I've ever used.
Good App
Nice
Privacy at its best
faltu
fave
Love this browser, only thing I want from it is immersive mode screen burn in is a no no. I don't think this one has it.
How to go quickly (one click/move) to the home screen like with opera or chrome canary ?  I don't want to open a new tab always​ which requires 2 moves... Can u add an optional home button
I've tried around a dozen different android browsers - but have finally settled on this for both my phone and now my laptop as well. It's quick, stable, secure and is part of my bigger plan you "de-google".
When a Printing page appear if i chose to download the page through the download icon, The browser stuck and after that the printing option of it never start before reinstall 😞
It's like Chrome++. Faster, open source and auto ad blocking. A bit low on customizations. I can't even change the download location. @REPLY FROM BRAVE : don't expect me to sign up for an account on your site to log this complaint.
Can't sign in, it keeps telling me this account already exists on this device. And I just can't delete my account from my device just for an app to work :(
Based on the PC experience, I feel a lot of work still need to be done on the smartphone app. It is crashing a lot, even in less ad pages.
One of the best browser I have used... I was using UC since more than 5 years... Now I switched to this browser...  However I have a suggestion if you like to implement it... Please make your download manager more useful and user-friendly... For large files sometimes download link changes after sometime... So add an option for link update so that downloads can be resumed...
If only webm and gif could play better without indefinite wait and a few times fail.  Update: It is getting ridiculously hard to like this browser even when I really want to use it and quit chrome completely. The utter lack of gif and webm playing is astonishing. It takes too much time to load those. I am not sure how do they calculate time saved when one can watch 10 gif on chrome while brave is still loading 1.   Streamable doesn't work. Images take more time to load than chrome.  Privacy and ad blocking is top priority but the lack of feature makes it hard for me to continue.  Wish you guys well. I'll returm maybe later to this browser when these issues are finally resolved till then back to chrome.
Practically my current default browser on android. Please implement global dark UI; it helps immensely when working at night & on poor lighting environment. And, please make this happen: option to toggle permanent incognito mode! Keep up the good work Brave's dev team!
Browser will sometimes do nothing when clicking some links, no errors, no busy cursor, nothing. Can click link a dozen times and nothing will happen. Not the Internet, can copy the URL and paste into Chrome and it would own instantly.
It has all the features you would expect from a modern browser & then some. What sets it apart from other browser is it's focus on security. Features like HTTPS everywhere, blocking ads & trackers by default, make surfing the web a much more secure experience which, in today's world, is a luxury.
Chrome + Excellent Ad blocking = Best Browser.  It has all the features of Google Chrome. Its fast, Its Safe, and best of all it has Excellent ad blocking. It's google chrome but better!!! Thumbs up for the developers,  Keep up the good work.
Would have rated a 5 star if it weren't for the webm bug. I am unable to view webms while browsing imageboards I frequent.
My first impression of Brave was that it is very good indeed. So many excellent features. However after using it for a day or two I've found that even after saving user names and passwords, when I navigate within a web site that requires such, I'm asked for my user name and password again and in the case of Dropbox at least, after entering it again the logon button remains greyed out and is inoperable. Both Opera and Chrome do not have this problem. Unfortunately, this renders Brave quite unsuitable. Such a pity as I was very impressed initially. I reported the problem to the developers via their email address and got an automated response asking me to check the faqs on their website, which I did. But nothing suggested there helped. I have no intention of jumping through hoops to report a problem so I shall just have to struggle on with Opera and Chrome.
Soundcloud doesnt work, no option to clear user data on exit, clunky to use bookmarks with the little plus icon. It could be great but i will wait for a bit
Better for privacy than stock Chrome, but I would love to see an option for "Always delete history on exit" like their desktop program.  It's also less transparent about blocking tracking and fingerprinting.
Version 1.0.35  There is some issue with back press. Whenever I google something, open a link and press soft back button, It navigate to previous webpage and automatically come to that page again.
Not bad but don't like the fact that adblock gets turned off if on an old version. Seems invasive.
Brave guard or shield or whatever is fancy. Until it blocks things like Twitter embedded tweets on literally every page ever. Not a problem until you try to read literally any news story ever.
Ok
Still no bookmark sync or import functions on Android. How do I expect this browser to be a daily driver when "very soon to be implemented" is still sleeping after almost half a year.
The browser beats Chrome in many ways but what is stopping me from fully integrating it as my default browser is the lack of a news feed. Sometimes I open up Chrome just to check the news, it is a pretty vital feature for modern browsers. With the addition of a news feed this browser will be perfect.
This great...Google based browser I liked this web browser so much not lag and crash. Thanks California liberal.
Ads on some sites made it impossible to get to the content with ads blocking the screen that were impossible to close and you have to wonder if these sites even realize it? Brave fixes that issue and I can browse again!
Only works on the telstra page but its switched off everywhere else including google and youtube. To me and what i need it for , its totally useless.
Nice!!
If I could give more stars, I would! I refuse to use Chrome and the previous browser app I used was full of ads and would restart for no apparent reason which made it impossible to leave tabs open. Saving bookmarks on it was frustrating. Brave has cured ALL that! No ads, no restarts, bookmarks are on point! I can transition easily between tabs. I'm loving it!
Fantastic! By far the best mobile browser I've ever used.  I've been a long term user of Firefox with various ad blocking plug ins, but the mobile version is just becoming so slow that it's not practical waiting about for pages to load any more, I moved onto 5g speed browser, found it is much quicker, but it's so ridiculously heavily interwoven with ads that you don't know half the time whether you're reading the article searched for or an advertisement, which is very intrusive, annoying & a waste of data.  But now, I've found this 'brave' browser which is both very fast,and ad free, so shames both by far, seriously rate both Firefox & 5g speed browser only 1/10 in comparison to this far superior app. (longest rating/review I've ever given an app but this deserves it) great job developers 👍👍👍👍👍
This browser has various perks to increase security and privacy,but I noticed recently that this browser miserably failed in panopticlick test, kindly enlighten me.
Nice app
Best app
HTML5 still doesn't work. They're never going to fix it. If you ever watch videos, find something else. This just doesn't work.
Nice browser
Everything is ok except battery usage by this app is unacceptable. It consumes more power than a browser should be...
This app made my phone have a system crash-- didn't happen with other apps before.
Awesome
Stopped blocking ads Fastest browser I have ever but eventually stopped blocking ads. Other than that problem I'd say it's okay but it could be better.
Really impressed so far. I've installed this on an android phone and a Linux Mint desktop and could not recommend it enough. My go-to browser right now.
Many websites like Google popup "chromium needs location access..."  I disabled brave from using my location but it still asks. How do I disable this annoying message?
Pissed me off within a minute. Keep asking to enable the location of my device. Nope, bye
The tracker blocking breaks a lot of sites and mpeg-dash videos don't play (they do on chrome).  This browser would crush if it those two things were a bit smoother.
Please keep it up. But, one thing. Needs a blacklist/whitelist addition. Also, maybe add the option to add our own filters.
What is wrong with adblocker? Why it isn't blocking ads.
*Great Adblocker but...* Brave Browser is not reaponding. It was happening often. But now, its not even responding. And I cant even use it! But I really enjoyed the great adblocker. Bu the way my phone model is "Huawei NMO-L31" and it runs Android 7.0 Nougat, and EMUI- 5.0
Good
At first glance it seems a pretty decent browser. One thing I miss which would be nice addition is to have a home icon maybe top left corner with option to set a homepage of your choice.
Better,but no videos downloading in other browsers like uc browser,armofly when we play a video they will show a download symbol on up/down but in this browser it is not there so please check in the next update.Thank you.
Brave is a browser app like Chrome and Firefox but is more focused on privacy and security. What is different is that this browser comes with a built-in ad blocker that can also block cookies and block scripts. You can also apply HTTPS everywhere with the built-in ad blocker and turn these features off at any time. The browser feels smooth and fast and I would highly recommend Brave to anyone looking for an alternative to browsers such as Chrome or Firefox.
Excellent. I never knew how important script blocking was on a mobile device. There are some slow downs on the desktop version of Brave, but there are no hiccups with the mobile version. Keep up the GREAT work. At this rate Brave could prove to be a huge challenger to the main browsers. 5 stars.
Its ad blocker is good.  I have been using this app since 5 days. But suddenly it ran slowly and any processes of its setting was not working or sometimes its settings/options had inactive.  Fix this app.
Nice app. Huawei P10 finger sensor doesnt work properly. When held it should bring you to homescreen, but it just goes back on internet pages.
When I type something in the widget, app just closes. Useless. Same as new Google chrome widget. Linked somehow? OnePlus 5
No invert colors, should be mandatory, especially when talking about battery savings.. Not talking about "night mode" with dimming i mean black web pages. Yeah bright white screen will sure help save battery, not. Chrome://flags enable home will bring the navigation bar at the bottom... Should be easier to do but fantastic that it works. Great secure web browser in progress. Probably most Configurable add blocker. It's become my primary browser on Android and windows. Features come and go with updates so that's disappointing. Lost the Google image search recently and also lost the bottom menu behavior when no tabs are opened where the menu just shoots completely up instead of Just half way.
nice browser, but some issues...1.browser always opens on last site. data is not cleared at shutdown. this is a privacy issue. 2. not able to have bookmarks as the open page. 3. settings do not always get saved. aside from that, does seem faster.
There is downloading problem as whenever downloading interrupts, it starts downloading again from starting. Make its downloading interface like UC browser which will show speed and time left as well. And also make BRAVE MINI app like UCMINI. Thanks Otherwise this is awesome app
Perfect
Good.
It's good
Not bad.
Nice one
Excellent
Good
Terrible
I've got only one concern so far, and it is not being able to use local advertisement filtres, for an instance, if the system language is set to English. Would be there a way to set it manually in the future?
10 stars I will give this app, it's missing some major stuff in its settings, but it's the best app so far that has the best ad blocker, and tracker. Excellent.
Awesome! Works great on my old tablet. Properly shows complex websites. Very fast. 5 stars.
This Brave and I found it the must download on google play. It fixes mobile 100% They are no ads at all. It makes google chrome internet explorer on windows 98. This is a total replacement of Google Chrome. Besides its way more secure. It is perfect despite missing html 5, but no ads is what it puts it two steps up.
Great browser.  It would have gotten 5 stars if it had support for mouse functions such as double click zoom and context menus for click and hold.
very good browser against uc browser no adds and much faster work without any lagging or hang i love this browser
It is the best browser, and I like the approach the devs took, I want to be part of this too, already told my friends to download this amazing browser, you should too😁
Used to block a lot of ads, now not anymore. Also had a few bad crashes that would continue to play audio even though I shut down everything about the app and I needed to restart Android.
Installed a week ago and used as default browser. Zero problems. I should have switched earlier.
A perfect browser, fastest I've ever used. Faster than Firefox and faster than Chrome. Blocks all ads and is a perfect replacement for Firefox/Chrome for tracking purposes.
It doesn't run videos that use HTML 5. Besides that it works great and I love it. It's like chrome but better and more secure. Just think that it needs a data saver to be 100% better than chrome.
Sorry for the 4 stars. But there is room for improvement right. The browser it self is nice....clean and fast a bit unstable yet enjoyable most of the time. But that statistic......I can' t read what it says?? can it just be remove? bay the way.....can the the home page be a solid one instead opening previous page all the time?
Fantastic browser! Too many mobile browsers try to be different from chrome. Brave brings all the familiarity of the standard Android browser, but bakes in the extra features in an easily manageable button menu. Can't wait to see BAT integration. Cheers 🍻
Enjoying the speed and security features. Need an all time  "incognito mode" option in the setting. Or clear history, cookies after exiting the browser option.
This browser is almost awesome. The issue is about 60% of the time, you cannot watch YouTube videos in the browser for lack of HTML5 compatibility. And, since I use brave for as blocking and it can't block YouTube ads, it becomes worthless for that. For everything else, it is excellent and fast.
Great browser. Brave builds on Chrome/Chromium and improves it with the privacy aspects that the other browsers are missing
Stopped blocking ads on Android today. Seeing ads everywhere. Buggy still. Looking for alternatives.
Need a way not to have the brave shield in the top bar (clutter and doesn't have the same design language). Otherwise great
Everything is good in your application, just need an update in it! When downloading a file, it should also show its speed to download how many MB per second it is downloading. PLEASE SOLVE THEM.
Can you remove the whole "Fast Adblocker" thing in the title and just let it be a browser title. Takes away from the experience.
Please add synch feature using Google Account, so we can share the same bookmarks and configuration.
Awesome browser, web development isn't too smooth and not a well documented plugin API, but overall a more modern take on Firefox security. Crashes sometimes, but not as frequently as Firefox.
It's better than google chrome in opening more sites and ads blocking but it's closing and freezing unlimited times I don't know why !!
Very good! Needs option to open in another browser or disable adblock per page, not just just per site :)
The latest update fixed my concerns. I love this browser. Wish it was customizable or had a tab button near the bottom.
It blocks ads that annoy me alot
Immediate error on run. Does not work.
It's just a chromium fork and doesn't work properly. Scrolling gets stuck on some websites and even when it has more privacy options than chrome, it also keeps features that I don't like about chrome.
a brower that acts like one?😮😵😻💖
This is the future, properly measuring and valuing user attention. Integrating with the Basic Attention Token, which will pay you to view ads you normally see.   The user experience is like Chrome but with some great additional features and integration to Blockchain!  Love it.
Can You Fix The App please, because it's a little messed up thnx
Nice speed  but I can't go on last  page and next page easily  like ucbrowser
Why this auto speak on it that you share google speak really stupid for you all what about deaf people can't speak stop autorun google video player stupid believe this freind google link ad - reply i am no join your forum thank you uninstall it goodbye
Started crashing before anything can be open after the latest update. Before - it was just awesome
Perfect browser, blocks ads and script's as advertised, missing just one feature; Incognito mode always. It would have been perfect.
My favorite browser. Simple sand fast as Chrome, but block ads and do not track (hopefully) as Google's browser.
It's heavy, please make it light
Faster than chrome, best way to avoid ad
Huge props to the devs who made this browser. It works, and does a great job blocking ads and keeping privacy.
Great browser it blocks those constant annoying ads that Chrome does not. The only issue I had was I couldn't get video to work on it.
Doesn't clear info after using...have to clear manually through SETTINGS clear DATA....ALSO SAVED MY PASSWORDS AND DID NOT AUTHORIZE THIS FUNCTION.
It's better than Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Opera.
I think this is a best browser on Play store and i will download it on my PC
Fast, ad free, saves on data usage! #Winning
Really great mobile browser. New favorite!
Unbelievably slick browser with reduced ads. By far the best mobile browser I've tried
Brendan Eich nailed it again! Simply the best browser.
good app. only issue is that it takes long to open.
Great browser! Could you add a page translate option?
Need google support like in Chrome
Friendly and down to earth
Hey that's pretty good
Awesome. Impressed by the search options available, so many search engines
Latest version seems a bit slower in navigation.. hopefully temporary
No longer blocking anything, as of 10/10/17.
This is basically Chromium with adblock and Privacy Badger built in. It's great!
I have just installed it.
Still being directed to phishing sites but it's a bit better
Noting much to say. Simply, the best browser out there for privacy and speed.
Best adblock browser on playstore
Very suprb app and ad blocker
Fast, simple and no ads. Better than Chrome and FF
शानदार कार्य बहुत अच्छा प्रयास बधाई
Great concept, but it freezes constantly. No thank you.
Takes up toooooo much storage space on phone
Some reason I can't log into my google account.
Must have for the People who support privacy.
So far I like it, no problems
Doesn't block ads
today first time to download the app
Been using this for months  and it works great for me!
poor browser
Does what it's supposed to. And it does it well. Smooth, clean and fast.
When i open androidpolice site, ads still appear
For those who recognise the importance of privacy, this browser app is a must
This app is perfect for hack and fast download this is number one browser
works exactly as expected.. no adds anywhere !!!!
Good, but missing Addons that Firefox has.
It's fast and lightweight. I love the  blocking ads feature.
I'm no longer use it
Need more products like this!
I love this browser I even use Brave on my desktop
For my average daily Web crawl this has been by far the best browser I have used. Hands down!
BRAVE is an excellent browser with a quick response. The interface is very clean and intuitive. I have an Android tablet that is not the fastest in the world. That's where I've really noticed that BRAVE works really great.
Best browser i've ever seen.. No ads.. No battery drain.. Speed.. Easy controls and the best thing is size of it..have some crashes from time to other but no problem with it
It's the best browser.. One thing i found difficult is the downloading ..slow to download.. Thn everything is fine.. Hope you guys are making the app day by day better.. Also I'm hopping fo a better fast downloading..
Great browser thus far but one thing I really want to see is auto delete history and the ablity to prevent the browser from automatically saving tabs because I have to manually delete tabs but other than that favorite browser.
Very good browser using from last couple of months. Only one complaint that is the google translate does not work, it doesn't translates the page in English like original chrome browser.
Blatant memory and internal storage hog.  Refuses to utilise SD card for storage.  Over 200 MB of app and data greedily swamping phone storage.
I wanted to replace uc browser in order to do so i tried more than five top rated browser and here i ended up. Adblock , nice interface , fast ..it ia similar to chrome but faster than that .
Has potential. Can't view videos and only blocks "intrusive" ads. Still needs these important issues fixed. Plus not having bookmark syncing pretty much makes brave useless to me currently.
Was loving it until a video would not be play, though it does in Chrome. This browsers works with all types of videos except MSE & H.264
I love this browser. One of the best features that I miss from the old Google Chrome app is the ability to sync tabs to the app menu in Android. I would rate 5 stars if this feature was implemented back. Other than that, it's basically Google Chrome but better.
I don't generally write raving reviews too often but I've tried Chrome, Dolphin, Firefox, Firefox focus, Apus, Armorfly, UC, CM, and Maxthon browsers. This one is the best; very stable and the UI is super smooth, effectively blocks popups and other nonsense. Only sometimes won't play some things on youtube probably due to its blocking doing too good of a job, so I keep CM as my backup. The size is about 150MB which is like 4 or 5 of the other browsers combined, but someone put a ton of work into this and it shows. The icon says it all. It's the king of the browsers. Love it.
Mightily impressed. A better smoother, more private version of chrome. Pages load quickly with no errors. The ad and script blockers are great. I've only used it for a day so far but I've spent around 4 hours browsing around and I have to say I really like it👍👍👍. One request though, can you add a permanent incognito mode or a clear history on exit option?
i would like to know why i cannot watch videos on this browser. i have several android platforms on which the videos will not play within the browser. Is there a setting or an addon I need?
Fresh new browser without the bloat or gloat. It's fast and pages stay functional without the ads. Someone needs to rein in the web ads and force the publishers onto a less intrusive revenue model. It's the default browser on mobile and desktop for me. Thanks for making the web better for us. Brilliant work friends!
Horrible for browsing YouTube but very stable and smooth with no crashes. My issue is that it won't recognize all video formats on YouTube. If you don't browse YouTube then you got nothing to worry about.
Great browser! I dont usually drop reviews ever but after installing this on all devices, I cant help but to overstate the fact that this browser keeps ads away while giving you full access to the interwebs.Its like the old firefox, and old tor network put in a blender...before they went lamestream.
Works on YouTube so far, but anything else it just won't play the video at all.  Edit: Nevermind, it doesn't even work on YouTube anymore (or the first videos I watched just happened to not have ads).  Just use your default browser.
I am currently using this app, but like dolphin, it does not allow You to upload pics from Your gallery from the browser. I might uninstall and start using UC again.
Browser is awsome  super fast and clean from wierd ads im using full version ad blocker and this browser and this 2 the best apps ever super fast and clean
I installed Brave after getting so irritated with chrome and all the pop ups. So far no problem. Much better than chrome.
Exactly like Chrome but better. It has Adblocking and anti tracking. I tried opera, Firefox, and dolphin, but either ran into performance issues or hated the layout. Great app, I'd recommend to anyone.
This browser is the best but it takes about 100 - 200 MB of storage. Can you make a "Mini" version of it. Mini version doesnt need the Brave Sync that you've been working on.
Didn't even think about trying to block add. Lets them right in. Wouldn't recommend.
Can't sign to Google account at access bookmarks! Wats the use! Other than that it's excellent!!! Consumes jus 60mb of RAM
Great logo and performance.  I can't go back to chrome.  The lion icon reminds me my browsing is safe and protected.
Brave on Android is ok, but the Windows version is perhaps the worst browser I have ever used, worse than IE. I'd rather just go back to Netscape it's so bad, has so many bugs, problems and stupid design issues.
Rubbish. Crashes randomly. Crashes when playing a GIF. Until they fix this I'd say: avoid this app
Some youtube videos don't play.It says your browser is not supported or something like that. Edit- still no html5 video support
Just the right Chrome clone. As the Chrome should be. But the main feature of ad blocking isn't complete. It is impossible to block regional ad without changing the locale, so it's futile on vacations or any other trips to another country.
Working great so far... very fast and uncluttered, I'd prefer better access to the bookmarks, an option to substitute the home button with a bookmarks button would be nice.
One thing I'd like to see in Brave is the ability to send links from other apps for later without having to switch. Eagerly anticipating mobile sync! Certainly the fastest browser currently available.
It opens and loads pages much faster than Chrome. Everything seems fluid and I haven't encountered a single ad. Nicely done Brave team
Magnificent. Blocks ads and popups/new windows on suprafiles etc without issues. Best thing since sliced bread.
Improve your video player! Really, do it! I will change my defaul browser (UC browser) with yours if you give me a video player that I CAN HAVE PROPER TOUCH VOLUME AND FORWARD AND BACK like their video player has! Do this! DO IT!! And btw, your video player is ok, but that seek bar is super super small and it has no on screen touch controlls!!!
Update: it started working again,but lookout for this issue.  Hay, suddenly it stops working, lion icon turns gray on every website, is this normal or i have done something wrong?
Terrible. Can't open bookmarks, browser can't stop opening new tabs with virtually every tap, few real useful functions, keyboard has bad malfunctions, ads not blocked, and developer completely unresponsive.
Fantastic browser! My only complaint is i wish there was a setting to open the browser to a new page or a homepage instead of re-opening all the tabs from the previous session.
Why the frick do you need my location? All i want is something that can stop games from spamming adds, making them actually playable.
Pretty solid browser. All my pages load blazing fast without those pesky ads.  I'm glad I switched. The UI is similar to Chrome, so the switch was pretty easy to make. I will recommend to friends.
Really good browser the thing is that we need night mode.
Incredibly fast browser with built in ad block. No longer using chrome!
Basic Attention Token is coming! Great browser, devs. Keep up the great work!
needs to stop websites from opening up new tabs to advertise
Amazing privacy notice!!!  Clean interface. I love it.
Fantastic browser. Looking forward to moon mission.
Very quick and snappy, the way it handles ads is genius.
Startup error every time  ...
Is is good and can get better
Amazing alternative. Live my privacy so a bit of a no brainer
Good browser but the lack of sync has become very frustrating.
This is the best mobile browsing experience.
Nice browser direct replacement for chrome..please add a night mode
Still just another "chromium with a custom skin." Nothing special and still has all the same issues that Chrome has.
Great browser app, been using it for months and it has not disappointed
Nice add blocking and good browsing...I love it.
the new update is so laggy....i love the old version :(
My default browser on all my devices and computers. Love it
This is the fastest browser I have ever used.
With updated OS I get a request for location every page!
Will not run on Asus pad phone mini AOS 4.4.2
I'm impressed it's light & really fast
This is a great app. Best of all it's free I love it.
Best browser I've found for eBay.
Adblocking not working after latest update....
Can't  change download location. Help me !!
Its a very good app but i am not able to pause the download or cancel it it would not let me do it
Excellent Anti-Chrome...!
I waited long enough for HTML5 video support. Bye now.
Great alternative to having chrome follow you around the web. Also a good ad solution
Best based chrome browser i've used and it block ads :3
Gonna wait for Brave sync before giving a proper review.
Mark as Ad feature neeeded.plz cuz the adblocker is not on par
A missing star because of no HTML5 video support. Everything else is good.
Cant open some sites like fmovies Only its layout is loaded
Video playback issues.
Fast, smooth, blocks irritating stuff.
Fails to play videos quite often otherwise great app.
Still no HTML5. "Working on it". It really should have been available by now
as soon as the mobile version has sync with the desktop version I'll be fully on board the Brave train.
Browser with ad blocker, supports multiple tabs.  Stable and easy to use.  Far better than I expected.
Just brilliant browser. Fast and easy to use with no ads. Will definitely abandon Chrome  and use Brave instead from now on. Thanks a lot.
The best Android browser, hands down! No ads, no pop ups, super easy to use.
Brilliant ad block browser! This is my default browser on my phone now - fast, stable and reliably no ads. I've tried various other ad block browsers and Brave is by far the best.
Ever since I have been using Android (almost as long Android has been around) I have used Opera mobile browser. This is the first time I have found a browser that is both more capable and easier to use than Opera.
useless app always type wrong in search bar input bootstrap become bootsrap uninstall!
Very quick browser. Has also become my default for PC. Just needs to support videos on some sites.
All I want in a browser fast reliable does what it says on the package.well done good work
Fast browsing and blocking annoying ads
This would be better if I could sync my Google account so I can migrate all my passwords over. Once this feature is available I'll gladly replace chrome with it
Best Android browser bar none. Quickly loads pages - speed. Quick test saved a significant amount of data vs Chrome at lear 30% - bandwidth. Can't wait for BAT integration - incentives.
WebRTC is not disabled. Edit:   Google, webrtc leaks. You need an option in settings to disable webtrc.
Absolutely awesome, the only thing I would ask for is syncing with my Gmail, good job guys edit : doesn't play any video
One of the fastest browsers I have used on Android and one of the few that comes with 'https everywhere' built in. Also comes with an add blocker and anti-tracking. This is one of the best browsers on Google Play.
Some time vist website and they dind not play video. disable the add block and play video and show all ads. ok please fix the problem.
App is unable to play *MOST* videos, however, it seamlessly blocks all ads in the small percentage og videos that it is able to play.
Familiar chrome interface plus robust ad blocking and security features. Great! Only wish it would sync settings, bookmarks, passwords, forms, etc between devices.
Now i can use Brave at my phone. Can u add popup confirmation for download item. Thank you Brave.
I am currently using this app, but like dolphin, it does not allow You to upload pics from Your gallery from the browser. I might uninstall and start using UC again.
The best mobile app I've come across. Blazing fast and secure
Finally Chrome is going to get its pants pulled down and the spanking that it deserves!
Thousands time better than UC Browser. Less permission. Zero Advertising 😰 and No (Stupid) News Service. 😳 Thanks Dev. 😊
My default browser on all my devices and computers. Love it
Good except sometimes on youtube it says that this browser doesn't support html5 please fix.
Ds3 the option to keep all tabs on start up instead of just a homepage option that's a big deal to me personally
No longer lets me watch videos in webpages.  Very sad because i liked this browser
I immediately got an ad off youtube after I finished downloading this. Doesn't work.
Ditched chrome with this.   Combine this with duck duck go and you win
You should really add that gorgeous new Android 8.0 pop-up window feature support, then it will be just perfect
I am downloaded a song , I play the song , Some problem are there , stucking the song  Please update and  fix  these problems.....
It's a fantastic app, so fast and reliable. If it doesn't change I will make it  my default browser.
Great browser and put Chrome into shame. Really love this app, now a default browser by choice!
It's just Chrome with ad blocker. I want to get away from Chrome completely.
Works fairly well, but it desperately needs a clear history on exit setting like the PC version.
Works really well, fast and stable. Best browser experience I've had on android yet. Highly recommend.
Blocks annoying adds. Easy to use. Great.
I just told you 😠 but my review disappeared WTH?
Option to delete all  data on exit is needed. Otherwise, it is the most practical browser I have come across. It is basically chrome with hardened privacy measures.
Just revert the tabs the way they were unwanted ui changes
Hoping for some kind of sanctuary within our connected world, something honest and authentic would be nice for a change ! Fingers and toes and spine crossed
This is the best browser I've ever seen! Thanks to the development team. It's awesome!
Really great and fast browser. BASIC ATTENTION TOKEN ;-)
Best browser on Android!
Best Browser on Play store
Best Browser With AdsBlocker
It is the best browser i have ever met,kudos brave
OMG!! SIMPLY THE BEST BROWSER I'VE EVER DOWNLOADED!!!!
need to flash player and add  video download options like uc browser and develop download manager and add feedback
Another chrome version.
The best so far...love it
It works the app and 5 🌟 button works!!!!!
Beta but brilliant!
Total Copy of Chrome.
Very good! Needs option to open in another browser or disable adblock per page, not just just per site :)
Always "aw snap" at least 5 times a day
The Future
A browser from the future
This is best chromium browser with adblock included.
Parah men, browser gatel lelet na uzubillah
Amazingly fast. Faster than the fastest before (puffin browser). I recommend this browser.
Fantastic browser for the phone. Does exactly what I want it to do + blocking of trackers.
No.1 Ad Block Mobile Browser In The World... I Love it....
Please add page translate option and  video download option
Can't wait till BAT gets on board
5 stars when incognito can be the default
Fullscreen please, the app is very good
Good browsing experience however youtube videos do not work. -2 stars.
Fantastic so far. Ad block works great.
I would absolutely love this app to have an option to permanently fix the taskbar
Make the popup blocker more powerful , like one of chrome add-on popup blockers.....
Perfect chrome alternative! Works fast with built in adblocker.
problem in downloading.
Fantastic. Much quicker then other browsers.
This brower will change everything! I love it!
Love it! But can't sync with desktop yet. Hope this becomes available soon.
Just needs extension support or a night mode.
Holy my new browser fast it is.
Looks great and seems to be user friendly.
Excellent Google Chrome add on, blocks ads, trackers and shows it.
Ad free browsing is great.
NO ADS! By far the greatest mobile browser there ever was.
Best browser indeed. Can u block the ad-blocker blocker?
The best browser on mobile. Innovative project for advertising.
Amazing browser! Uninstalled chrome after trying this
Faster than any mobile browser, also keeps the bandwidth low.
Simply the best mobile browser in existence.
best browser ever, love it, 5stars deserved :)
Fast browser with no adds!
Really good fast browser. Well done A+
The best browser ever.
Amazing privacy notice!!!  Clean interface. I love it.
Great Chrome browser addon
Very nice app It blocks ads really
Google's evil
The Web as it should be.
It is just amazing!!!
Works great!
Best privacy browser on the web!
Epic!!!
...IT GETTN D JOB DONE...
The future
Finally !!!!!!
Great replacement for AdBlock Browser
Fantastic and more importantly, SECURE, alternative to Chrome and Google. Love it.
Wow. Chrome with adblocker. Just awesome. works flowlessly.
Please add night mode feature.
Does not block popups
Damn..... It's too Good....feels like Chrome on steroids !
Too much add-on
Better than Chrome!
Giving this another go. Looks good so far.
Clean , no fat, private and free Best of everything
Please add feature to add custom filters.
Best browser and secure Good job , developer 👍👍
Please add flash support
Please add dark mode!!!!!!!!!
the best net browser.. yet .. I love this technology.. invest now to  BAT tokens.. for long term..
The best broswer on android!
Works well when trying to watch anime
L33t af 🅱️ro
1st of all cheers for developing an excellent browser which along with ability to block ads is cpu efficient too.There seems to be no sync option for bookmarks. Some kind of backup option can generate more secure feeling, if sync not possible. There are 4 major annoyances in ad world : 1)ads, 2)scripts, 3)link redirectors,4)popups.. U have handled first 2 aspects very well kindly look into other 2 as well..
Best browser
Great app!!
No problems
Wow the fastest web
I haven't started using it as my first choice yet but being able to block scripts is great.  I can read articles without big modals covering the screen telling me to sign up.  I also just noticed it seems to block scripts automatically on sites i did before...that's cool. I will likely start using this browser only.
I am always on the lookout to try new web browsrs and Brave was at the top of the list in an article I read last week.  However, when moved to my SD card for storage it immediately crashes upon opening. It will open only if it's on my Galaxy S7's internal storage.  Possible reason for the crashing?
I don't generally write raving reviews too often but I've tried Chrome, Dolphin, Firefox, Firefox focus, Apus, Armorfly, UC, CM, and Maxthon browsers. This one is the best; very stable and the UI is super smooth, effectively blocks popups and other nonsense. Only sometimes won't play some things on youtube probably due to its blocking doing too good of a job, so I keep CM as my backup. The size is about 150MB which is like 4 or 5 of the other browsers combined, but someone put a ton of work into this and it shows. The icon says it all. It's the king of the browsers. Love it.
Its an excellent group
Magnificent!!!
Fast
Best adblock browser on playstore
The first thing I noticed was the fact that this browser also blocks content, not just ads. It blocks embedded and linked photos and video. There is such a thing as working too good. Compared with samsung's ad blocker, it does not measure up because of this. I am deleting this one and moving on to the next one. However, it is fast and it does block obnoxious advertisements.
So far so good
It's as close to Chrome as you can get. I wish there was an option to hide the Home & Brave icons. It makes the search bar a little cramped.
Is good
It's perfect for someone like me that is around the internet all the time. I used it immediately blocked all the stupid ads! Thanks a lot ^^
Can you please add an option to completely disable the brave shield? Sometimes it does more harm than good and messes with the websites, causing them to load layouts improperly or never load at all.
The audio and video is not playing at the same time. The video stutters or doesn't even play at all. Ads are blocked to a great extend but this video streaming issue is something big. Do something about it.  Edit: I read your reply. No, the help section you provided is a lot of bullcrap and help.
Thanks
Be fine
Great little open source browser. Essentially its just Chromium (the open source codebase for Google Chrome), with a good and lightweight ad-blocker and https by default (which is pretty much what I have on my computer anyway). As of writing this, it gets consistent updates so no need to worry about missing out on new Chrome features.
Great but with a few quirks It gets a bit choppy and slow here and there but it beats any other browser I've tried (or is it a search engine?). Anyway, its got https everywhere, downloads web pgs for offline browsing. It does just about everything but the dishes. It does slow down with hotmail though. It needs work but I think its the most reliable and trustworthy of them all.
Great
V. Good browser. Three issues- 1. Even after I clear all data  (cookies/cache/history for 'all time') the advanced option still shows that the browser has cookies stored from 13 sites and cached images. Why? 2. I need a shortcut to delete history/cookies/cache in the option in the drop down menu itself 3. Please replace the home button (top left) with stop/refresh button. It's problematic when browsing.
I love this browser. It's the best one I've ever used, and I've tried all of them. The only negative thing about it is that it makes the status bar black. It doesn't change color like other browsers, it's just always black.
Hlo Brave team, I know u r struggling and doing better day by day. But in your updates u r just updating chromium base chrome standard is archived by chrome team know u should do better then chrome but in some fields you are not bad than chrome like video playing and documents viewing and sharing are also lower we r lover of brave please solve these issues in your next update and launching also some times take a while. Please made your followers proud and forget chrome.
OMG it's fast fast fast!!! you know an app is fast when you have an old phone and use variety of browser apps. But this one definitely outstands without removing core features. Keep it up BRAVE development team. I'm about to download the pc version. I'm pretty sure I'm going to stop using Chrome :)
OK. I take my words back. Actually after trying it for a day, i realized that it's much faster and smoother than chrome. The video playback is awesome and fast. Everything is perfect and i have uninstalled all other browsers and have made this one my default. The only thing that i am missing is to define my own speed dials and which would sync itself after i sign in with my Google account. Well done ;)
Brilliant thanks
Love it
Excellent...must have
Better than chrome
Awesome
I love it
Thanks
OK
Great
Awesome
Recommend to friend
Best Android Browser in Store
Excellent browser, I get to keep the feel of Chrome but without Google and with more privacy.  It still has a long way to go however, the adblocking alone seems to break some websites that function just fine in Firefox Focus and pretty much any other browser with adblocking.
Great browser
Great browser which I would really like to start using instead of chrome but the fact webm files won't work unless you open them in new tab is major deal breaker for me.
Great browser!
Best Browser With AdsBlocker
Thank you for removing that pesky permission on reboot. F∆¢€ goolag.
Very fast, impressive adblocking and privacy control. Video controls actually work properly, which happens to be rare, maybe just on my phone, but whichev, this app is great.
No integration with desktop or other devices. No chrome plugins. WASM runs slow. Blocked  by some news sites, maybe you should work with them, not against them - I'm having problems with the business model, it seems a lot like an mlm with a very slick presentation . I'm unable to report issues - the forum is read only. All of this creates an awkward, unsatisfying used experience - I waste time, not save time.  I also find the ceo's background a bit troubling. Some concern for diversity would go a long way.  It seems unfinished - both technically and ethically.  I tried that site, as I said, it doesn't work. I've uninstalled brave, chrome works better and faster.
Get Shot of google. They are watching you.
Nice
Brave is now my first choice in web browsers for Android these days. Although Firefox is my favorite browser, its behavior on Android is hopelessly sluggish, so most of the time I avoid it and use Brave, which has all the good aspects of Chrome and many improvements thereto, the main one being the absence of advertising. However, I can't seem to get most video to play on Brave, so that's an annoying limitation. Otherwise, it's a wonderful browser, and I also use it on Windows occasionally.
browser does not currently recognize youtube video formats available
Fight the power, reclaim your privacy.  Statist government is statist.  Big brother is big.  Why not subvert the system in style?
it's ui lags in my phone whenever i minimize it. I see scrambled interface. plz fix this I will change it's rating
It's better than Chrome means with all goodness of Chrome and some extra things to make your browsing experience more comfortable. But Unable to signin with Google account.
Found a bug in new this version ..When I try to return back to default homepage..it keep me on same last page location by tapping 30sec continues ..after later I come to it's default homepage.Developer Please take concern on this issue !!!
Great effort to protect the privacy of people especially in these times.
Nice app! Love it!
Bad
Edit.....please respond...  How do you turn off the statistics at the top of the page that shows ads blocked etc?  Very irritating! Thanks  Excellent. My new favorite browser. Dumped VC Browser for this when their update had tons of annoying pop up ads. Love this one.
best
Like it
I LOVE IT AND I HAD A PROBLAM WITH RANDOM ADS ON MY PHONE AND GET THIS TO HELP GET RID OR THEM
Brave setting evil Google as default search engine is questionable. Fortunately, that can easily be changed in settings. Other than that, I like the browser
Brilliant work...
Not so feature rich but unbelievable fast. Even faster than Chrome.
good experience
Ok
Sweet browser, quick and pretty up there in the privacy and security departments. If you're considering grabbing it, do it. I'm kicking myself in the arse for not grabbing this sooner.
Excellent browser
Faster and better than crome
Keep developing.. Firefox and chrome are censoring content
Great browser.
Great FOSS Browser!!!!
It is VERY fast! I was thoroughly surprised and pleased after to switching to Brave from Firefox. The handy Lion button on the toolbar let's you know exactly how many ads, cookies and trackers have been successfully blocked and no more annoying popups.
Chrome - ads = Fast!
Very nice app
The YouTube videos are glitchy, sometimes the sound cuts off for a split second throughout the video.   It can't download videos from keepvid links. I have to use other browsers fire these things.
Awesome browsers
Good Browser..... Safe, secure, private, Smooth and fast. Its what I was expecting from browser for long time. Does what it promises. Even download manager is excellent does not impact browsing or resources. Most loved is it's speed with ad free, tracker blocking browsing.
This is amazing browser.
Amazing browser
Best browser on android. In a world where privacy is basically nonexistent, this browser is a big middle finger to those who make their money from your personal data. A must have for anyone who values their information.
Fast browser with no adds!
Fast browser, private and secure
I love it... Best browser out there...
Best browser ever
Nice.
Great Browser, basically the same as Chrome, but with ad blocking.  Any chance of adding merged tabs? It's a feature I miss most about older versions of chrome for Android.
Best browser ever
Ok
Best add block ...
Can do better
Best so far
Disappointed
Nice lightweight browser, and it's nice to finally be able to cut ties with giant companies that have a clear political bias. Screw chrome and firefox. I also recommend using duckduckgo as your search engine, info galactic as your new wikipedia, and minds, gab.ai and vid.me for your social media and video sharing sites.
Probably my favorite browser. I use it on my desktop, even. Automatically blocks ads, forces https, and has a fair amount of fingerprint protection as well. I've found ghat if you're not running a browser of this sort, the internet has gotten really ugly and messy with all of the ads. This restores the simplicity and elegance of of just viewing what you want to view.
Worst app
Very bad. Not even stopping the ads. When I click on any link, it opens a new browser to update my phone. I think this app is made to stop these thing but not stopping these pop ups. How this app is helping u guys??
Love it
Poor
Fine
Just Amazing
Very fast
Just love this app
It's just a chromium fork and doesn't work properly. Scrolling gets stuck on some websites and even when it has more privacy options than chrome, it also keeps features that I don't like about chrome.
Secure
Fantastic
Tru
Awful downloading
Awesome browser
Good
Very fast
Great app!
I have reported a bug almost 6 month back but problem is still present. Bug:-Your browser does not currently recognise any of the video format available.
So hard/impossible to customise. Can't set the graphic site shortcuts, they set themselves with usage but clear when you delete history. Opens in last tab but unable to set that to what I want.   Unable to easily customise even the very basics.
Finnaly no scammers
This is and could be so good it is ridiculous. it is fast and light, but is sorely missing chrome sync which other chromium browsers manage to do. Also, it is blocking Google Assistant which makes it unusable for me.
I love this app
Best browser. I can open 25+ tabs and it's still as smooth as butter. Amazing how much data it saves from blocking all this autoplay ads.
A fast and secure browser that doesn't require me to sell my soul to the Gulag overlords. My new default. Keep up the good work!
Very fast clean interface ! I also use it on my laptop
After Google pulled their bs with firing their employee for "wrong think" I'm in the process of dumping as much Google as I can chrome was first.
I like that it's faster than my favorite Chrome and it blocks the majority of ads. I only wish it could sync my bookmarks and passwords from chrome.
worst app . it given too many ads
Well, I come from Firefox, but this feels like the future and to be able to choose search engines is great, as Google sometimes tries to load you on certain firections
Not A Good App  i dont like this app  this is the chrome browser
Better than Chrome. Suck a dick, Nazi Google.
Not usefull for Chrome  user  because based on Chrome  i hate this browser
It was great a few weeks ago., now the issue is constant crashing please fix the bug issue ASAP.
Desperately need sync support.😊😊
Issues with youtube, please fix video is not playing
Even if you don't like the desktop version, you should try this one. It's made for mobile.
When i installed it and opened the file it took me to the browser so i think it removes ads from the website link you go on . In a future update can u make it remove ads from games . For this i am rating 3 star .
I have used chrome mozilla opera dolphin even cm browser. But this is the far better browser in playstore. It is fast and have adblocker. I loved it. What a time to be alive. Thankyou
My device is honor 8 but I can't see the home button after new update
No longer blocks Google search ads! Don't know what happened. :(
I download MP3s on a site which has lots of popups and although some are blocked not all are I hope the developers can fix this issue and then it will be five stars
Please make it so it can launch with a long-press of the "home button".  Opera and Firefox can do that, why u not?
pls bring the option to synchronisation among devices.  ive been using brave since i got my phone.  waiting for the sync eagerly.....
It would be great to have a dark theme and android bookmark syncronization. Otherwise, it's good, like firefox with addons that i use, but built in already.
Love brave, love link bubble. Only issue I have is "open in brave" option in LB takes me to Google play, not website.
I'm just using and I will try to figure it out.
Fastest browser ...better than Google Chrome. Devloper your work is superb..loved it.
Good but sometimes it doesn't block pop ups ads
It will bring an older tablet back to life (reduces lagging)
Best browser. Runs smooth and fast with many options not available in other browsers. Please keep up the great work you guys are doing with Brave!!!
its like a breath of fresh air. love it, we must be well over 1 million users so far. well done team. I've recommended to many people who agree 100%
What the heck. Where's the Site-Blocker? How to use Site-Blocker? It should have a key on top which can add the opened URL (IN FRONT) to the BLACKLIST to always Block that URL.
Felt like using Google chrome without any advantages
Since the last update I have been getting as galore popping up. 😥
It's Chrome, but with an adblocker built in. Not much else to it. Would recommend if you want adblock but like the feel of the Chrome app.
Ok app. Still a ad will slip by.
Love the built in security features and speed.  And for the rare site you trust that may have issues with the security you can easily toggle off and on.
This is Chrome on steroids. Loads pages faster and makes ad heavy sites so much smoother due to its superior ad blocking. I used it for about five minutes and was sold.
Started to have occasional hanging beginning with version 1.027. Previous version ran 24/7. I hope next update will fix it.
I have been using Brave for about a wk.I find it to be very fast,and great at blocking ad.s.Also I really like the security features...Thank You developers,I really appreciate your great app!
A clean, ad free browser that runs far faster than any other Android browser I've tried.
The futurs !! Bettrr than anything
Great secure browser. Still hope to see a auto clear option on close like the desktop version. One of my favorite extra little features. Even if it could clear on start or have a quick touch button to clear. But still great browser!
Seriously, chrome on steroids. Extremely fast and efficient. The ad blocking is great and if you need to unblock the ads for say full screen uncropped video playback, it's very quick and easy. I switched to this from Puffin because Puffin was demolishing my battery life in the background and the ads were terrible. Almost as fast as Puffin so your not really losing that and the simple interface of chrome with syncing. Love it just love it if your using another browser consider switching to this one
Best browser ever! Blocks all the useless junk pop ups. My go to browser on mobile. No need of addons. Just install and browse without hassle. Love it!
Best mobile browser I've used, faster than all others I've tried, and the ad blocking is great. The only issue I have is there is no import function for the mobile browser yet, although the desktop version does have this capability. Can't wait to see further developments.
Great web browser
Hangs
This is the best browser
Brave is improving quickly, offering pretty good security, privacy and ads and tracking blocking. The rendering is pretty fast too. Unfortunately, it lacks a reader mode like other browsers and it doesn't reflow text when zooming, making reading some pages uncomfortable in a small screen. Scrolling long pages is tiresome. At this point, the mobile version cannot sync bookmarks and passwords.
Video playback is really terrible.   Videos get never played in this browser.. It just remains freeze .. we get fed up and download the whole video..  It's really bugging..   Why don't you ever fix it?  Except for that main problem, This browser really is so much better than any other apps out there.
Wanna sock it to Google for suppressive speech policies and discriminatory hiring practices? Drop Chrome and install this. Set your search to DuckDuckGo and you are good to go.
Well, I come from Firefox, but this feels like the future and to be able to choose search engines is great, as Google sometimes tries to load you on certain firections
Would be five stars if it stopped asking for access to my Google accounts. How is this not fixed yet?
Thank you for this latest update, you bringing up the home button, my favorite option on this app...I loved this app so much, it is blazing fast and really simple to use...Thank you again for the home button...
Missing functions like dark theme, better battery saver ie tugabrowser, put the brave icon on the left side instead of the right for less missclick, video support, account sync? And unfortunately don't see any speed improvements over chrome. Which doesn't matter that much compared to everything else.
I didn't use it long, but it seems really good. If a new tab had opened to my home page instead of something useless I definitely would have checked it out better. The inclusion of a home button is a must-have feature for me that this browser has. At first glance it appears to be almost everything I want with none of the useless junk found in most phone browsers. I found one that was everything I want, though. Add a setting to open new tabs to the home page AND STOP THERE and I might check it out again. Add too many "features" and I'll rage-quit it like I did Dolphin, though.
My go to web browser. Amazing in all aspects except one. Doesn't handle video well. I'm routinely having to copy and past the link into my reg browser, to watch video's.   Other than that, I highly recommend this app.
I installed Brave on my phone and tried to open it and everytime there is just an ad from Vodafone there. I installed this to stop ads on my phone. I don't understand what's going on...is this an ad Brave has archived or is Brave just trying to get me to upgrade my Vodafone account??
I lost my phone and when it was time to reload the backup, bookmarks were all gone, unlike Chrome's or even Ghostery. Needless to say I may have to stop using this app.
Really impressed with this. The guy who created it is the same guy who made JavaScript and who was subsequently ran out of the Tech industry for having the Wrong Opinions! I don't agree with his politics but I don't care about the politics of the people who make great products.
Thanks for the reply. It's much appreciated. I do want to add that the disabling of Webrtc already are requested and have been for some time.
Dropping chrome and Google for good, was on Mozilla until I heard about how they fired their CEO for dumb reasons and then he went on to make a browser called Brave! Love it, fast and safe.
Asks to access *each* of my Google accounts every time I start my phone.  Have found no way to disable this.  Extremely bad for a privacy-oriented browser.  No way to automatically wipe all data after each browsing session. I recommend Firefox Focus instead.
Is what chrome should be. Much faster, built in adblocking, better experience in general. Ui isn't too different to chrome because this is built with chromium. Brave is my new favourite browser
Lowered my data package by a gig per month on my cell phone. That's how much data we use on ads. Not to mention how my cell screen is about 25% larger with all the junk on it.
Good browser other than Samsung, Chrome, Firefox. Please add your own video player for this something similar to Samsung internet also video casting sometimes is choppy.
Great application
This thing is built off of Chromium so switching from Chrome to Brave will basically be a familiar experience but with far stringer ad blocking options.  After Google decided to fire James Damore over the #GoogleManifesto incident, I think it's time to start trying to disentangle Google products from my life. Definitely will be looking to alternatives to this Android device in the future.
Good
Blazing fast
Fast and works great
So far so good. It's much faster on my galaxy S7 Edge than chrome and Firefox and it actually blocks ads.
Everything's great, however whenever I watch a video on Facebook if I try to use landscape orientation, the video seems to be cropped out and not fitted to full screen, and if my screen orientation is auto, the video played on full screen does not automatically follow it
Wow this is the best phone browser I have ever used! For one it is faster than Chrome and Firefox and also blocks ads. I never rate any apps but this is too good not to!
Dear your app working very best and fast.before I was use opera now my first choice is brave.but I can't see offline reading mode or PDF save please add . please add.lot of thanks sir MMMMMMAAAAA 😘😘😘😘😘
Awesome quick browser.
Loved the previous version of the browser but don't like this update. I have no desire to see pointless stats on the home page and my search box has gone 😣 For your reply. No I wont be making a feature request. You implemented a "feature" that is pointless, ugly and ruined the home page setup. I don't understand your logic behind this "enhancement". Uninstalled.
beautiful.  fast.
Doesn't work if placed on my SD card , should be a no-brainer... Not so 'Brave' then ;- p
Decent browser, seems to be improving.  Can have problems with more than 5 open tabs, and some sites really don't handle the ad-blocking well.
Fabulous browser. Just like the stock browser, but with adblocker. Faster and better. Annoying banners your right the truck out of there.
The best browser I have ever used. Thanks brave software!
Best Browser ever now on Google play store....Just love it. Keep it up!
Best browser on Android, fast and very well made, it has adblock and privacy protection.
Amazing browser! Installed on my PC afterwards and now I never use Chrome, a true replacement!
Just like Chrome but better! No ads etc!
Best browser out there!
This is a great browser very secure features built in.
Best browser around folks. Winning!
Switching to Brave so I won't have to use Google since their recent ban of conservative thinking
Freezes on opening...And showing brave isn't responding.After the latest update
When will  your bookmark sync feature be active?
Great at block. BAT token integration
Can't watch some YouTube videos on the mobile site for some reason.
Super huge files open
What's the reason for 33mb?
Top app! Works  well with good vpn!
The future of the internet
Fast and good. I wish it has night mode
The best of them all!
yeah best but please provide best downloader
This browser is the end of Google.
Exactly like chrome but with privacy settings and adblocker, so thumbs up! Stable, fast, reliable.
Elegant, intuitive, helpful, trusty, materialistic and worthy.
Very cool app It's faster simple and easy to use.
Preety Fast But Downloading Is Slow
Build in gestures to create new tabs, delete existing tabs, switch between tabs faster to smoothen the user experience.
Superior to Google chrome. It's the future.
Probably the best app to surf web for Androids!
Awesome browser and would have given it 5 stars if I could move it to SD card. Doesn't have the option.
Great app. Very zippy loading web pages. Best chrome clone I've ever seen.
It doesn't work need 100 percent good ad blocker pls I'm 10
Awesome quick browser.
It's so much better than chrome!
Just like chrome without ads. ps. Love the new stats, hope they won't reset with next update.
I think battery consumption has been increased after latest update.
Awesome browser.... Its everything that Chrome should have done ....Really Awesome browser....
Give us Sync for Android and I will make this my new default browser.
Finally i found Great browser !!!.fast, clean from ad, n free!!!.thanks a lot!!!
Love it. Blocks everything right out of the box.
Excellent substitute for SJW Firefox
Best browser ever, deserves alot of support
Great browser. I'm missing two very convinient features: 1. SWIPE back & forward pages; 2. Speed bookmarks' buttons on home page.
Its a complete good browser, and moreover its open source  But vpn and data saver is missing.  If vpn and data saver comes in this browser it will be the best
This is a very fast browser and I'm very much impressed in it's first day of use.......it is similar to chrome which I like the most.... Definitely a very good app!!
Get HTML5 working and I will gladly give this great browser 5 stars.
Great Browser will be making a move to the new look its fast and very stylish.
Best browser I've used on android. It's got all the best compatibility and rendering features of chrome, without the weight of that application. This browser is blazing fast and works beautifully every time. Love it!
It is really fast and efficient. Except for the fact that the inbuilt Video player in the browser is very laugh. Please fix it.
import custom ad filters and some ads are let though
Bring back the Home Icon!
I,ll resubmit review when html5 is added. Thanks
You are missing a lot if u are not using this browser
Cud u pls add download Manager on this browser
Simple, fast, and I don't have to see any ads. You guys stand out on the app store as great devs.
No ads, pretty cool
Ads are still existed. How to get rid off it?
Everything is good, but, can you please add Google translate support inside browser?
Best browser I've tried them all this is the I keep using
Ad blocking isn't working well anymore more ads appearing in inconvenient places on my favorite sites
looking for browser without incognito
it was very great and it was worth the perfect 5 ⛤⛤⛤⛤⛤ then they messed up by removing the home now only worth 3⛤⛤⛤ i will rate 5 stars but not until the home button is added back to the url browser
Its no good,you promised that sync coming soon,but now my phone is already dead,I request you pls add sync but no reply at all,its a shame.😢😢😢
It's best for ad blocked and fast but it crash sometime
Update version had no home button...please fix it...
Decent browser. Ad blocking only works sometimes. Also leaves white space where ads used to be.
It's junk and didn't work for nothing.  Just kept opening new windows
Can you guys make it so it's more like the desktop version thanks!
This has FINALLY replaced Chrome for me. Perfect. Thank you!
The app was not coming like system browser I need  system type browser but this was phone browser
Slow and freezes up
Everything is perfect.... Except the missing home button. Please put a home button!
Keeps asking for my google account details..
Perfect option for non rooted devices to browse without ads. 👍
Awesome does block most ads with ease unlike other browser gj!
Very good, but please optimise the online video streaming.
Good app. Really blocks ads and bypasses anti-adblockers
The best of Chrome with all the best settings for privacy/security. And of course the built-in adblocker is brilliant (make sure to read about Brave's own advertisement model works).
Great overall and fast... No option for a blank home screen when you open it. Doesn't support webm's however, my only problems with it. Gonna use it alongside FireFox for now.
Fantastic browser. Swift  smooth n without irritating Ads.  Similar to Google. Better if nite mode is made available.
There is no difference between this browser and Google Chrome. Am removing it. The article I read about it mislead me
What chrome should be. Ad free!!!
Seriously fast and no ads. Very happy so far.
Thus is a great browser! A perfectly adequate replacement for chrome
Best browser ever
Love it Version1.0.37
Great browser.
Get Shot of google. They are watching you.
Works well...
Doesn't have basic paste functionality
Good
Welcome to a Brave New World !
The best browser in world
Desperately needs a speed dial page.
Just another add blocker that doesn't block adds !!
Get this!
I can't watch embedded webm videos.
good
browsing nyaman tampa iklan
A company that doesn't advocate silencing opinions or shadow banning (((fake news)))
Needs bookmark import badly.
The browser for humans, thank you brave team.
#FreeKekistan
Very good but needs bookmark sync & backup options.
aw, snaps
Very nice app!!!
Awesome privacy browser from creator of JS. What an irony.
So much better than Google for privacy!
Just started using. Its fast, simple, and works great.
I love this browser... 👌
Privacy
Brilliant app, runs perfectly.  No chance of going back to Google after the "privacy issues".
Great browser when the bugs are fixed on Android and ios
Go Brave!
The copy (as in copy and paste) feature no loger works in the latest update
Better than opera.
Glad to support the creators of the browser!
Loved It!
Good
Exceptional
Fast enough and clean user interface with add blocks.
Absolutely NO popup ads! Best browser I have ever used on any of my galaxy 8s plus. I would recommend it highly! And it's free! Thank you Brave for an. Efficient and ad free browser!
Best mobile browser, hands down.  Being able to selectively block JavaScript is a major feature to optimize user experience and data usage, and it's built right into Brave! Thank you!
Best alternative for Soros funded Firefox Google banning conservative think and Firefox promoting SJW ideology discriminating its very founder makes this the best browser. Brave is made by Brendan, the creator of Firefox.
Love it so far great browser only complaint is copy/paste function seems unreliable and no webm support. Will bump to 5/5 when resolved.
Great browser. Please add the ability to sync history, favorites and form info across mobile devices using Brave. Will be 5 stars then!
My new favorite Android browser! Very responsive and fast loading. The easy access to stats and privacy controls is handy.
wow great 5 stars it blocked all adds!!! i hope you can put bookmark and history shortcut in homepage of the apps and hide the  trackers blocked, ads block, https updades etc. in the homepage upper part display.. anyway tnx uninstall chrome and use this and i hope there is 1 tab consistent everytime i close all tab and not to make blank tab page and need to add new tab, please continue and make useful update.. :) thankyou
It's fast and blocks unwanted 3rd party ads, as promised.
Julian Assenge recommended it and turns it Brave is pretty good. My default browser on android and Windows PC from now on.  Edit: I've been using using both android and PC versions for a while, but turns out that both of them are consuming way too much ram. In android it uses up to 1gb ram with really moderate usage. I wish it could be solved, Brave is the best browser ever.
The new start screen is so ugly that I immediately installed the new nightly version of Firefox.
Works extremely well so far. I've been using Brave for a good 8 months or so on my Nexus 6P since moving from Tugabrowser. It is without a doubt the better of the Chromium browsers I've tried, being speedy with on target ad blocking, fast page rendering and no bloaty features.   Having said that, the feature to add to the blocklists wouldn't be bad. Other than that I've no issues. The Web is a far better experience minus today's generation of ads - Thanks.
Due  to the fact that Goolag is prone to censorship and punishes wrong think I have moved to this browser.
Love the browsers speed and ad blocking, but I wish this browser at least had an option to migrate bookmarks from chrome and an ability to sync bookmarks with the desktop brave browser when it's released.
In-app icons and launcher icon haven't changed to new one yet. Please change it. New one is lovely.
Looks and feels like Chrome but without the intrusion of Google. Remember to set your default search to Duck Duck Go for the best way of avoiding tracking
stable, fast, good all around. the new stats are lewd but there should be an option to hide them like bud under me suggested (if you actually cant) only irritating feature is that upon opening the browser the tabs button shifts after a second and the brave button takes it place, causing me to accidentally click it
This update is ugly and pointless, reverting to previous version (which would be easier if you added actually useful features like import/export).
I switched from Firefox and never looked back. I'm looking forward to 4 features already on the roadmap before I switch on Desktop too: dockable devtools, user styles, dark UI, and EnPass support.   One thing I'd like to see in the Android version: can we have a "Clear Browsing Data" item directly in the main menu?
Malware. Makes unauthorized changes to system. It deleted everything from Firefox browser. As soon as I installed this browser, the History, bookmarks, open tabs, everything were deleted. I had a LOT of important things in open tabs... I lost time and money from this. Former Firefox cofounder made this browser, thus there's motive to ruin Firefox. I wanted to change away from firefox, but this is unacceptable.
Love it until they added stats to startup page. Not sure what they were thinking. Next up? Custom ads on every page?
Faster than Firefox+uBlock but there is no way to select the regional ad block list manually.
Yeah it is fast. Just missing full screen option. To be #1 you have to hide browser bar and notification bar. Give us full screen option.
What exactly mate you think that users need to see pointless stats? Give us an option to remove them and I'll give you 5 stars.
When will  your bookmark sync feature be active?
App has great potential, came here from /pol/ of people discussing security on internet, it is fast and fully working with no bugs so far, great ad blocker
2 updates later, and still have YouTube playback problems. I'm deleting this browser.
Was using Firefox with ublock but seemed to be getting slower and slower. Brave is so much faster. Would love option to clear tabs and history on exit.
Google is the thought police, and Mozilla is working with Soros.
Yahoo mobile doesn't work but yahoo desktop does.
Good
Wont play embedded webm videos, ive tried turning off everything, it wont.  Ive also had issues saving url text (copy paste) where it wouldnt save, until i cleared the clipboard and restarted browser. Ive had trouble pasting links.  It won't play most YouTube videos, i keep getting a msg, "your browser doesnt support html5 ". It worms on some but most links ive clicked to get redirected to youtube to play something fail.  It sucks i have to close out Brave, and re-open chrome to see webm, and watch youtube.   The app blocks adds, and trackers whoch is good but i only use it for news.  If it is fixed ill give 5, but it has a few flaws. Keep up good work dev, good product with a few hiccups
Please fix the random YouTube video playback issues. Please allow us to remove the stats on the home screen. Fugly.
1.Please add a feature where we could move forward 5 secs when we swipe right while watching a YouTube video.  2.Great application which blocks ads effectively.  3.If possible add download feature for YouTube videos while viewing them.
The ad blocking, tracking prevention, and faster speeds make this app fantastic! I love how it shows its performance stats too!
Brilliant
How do you remove the stats on the new tab? Where is the option in settings? I'd rather have an extra row of shortcuts or just hide it. It's just clutter. Happy to give five star if they fix this madness
Privacy/security check. permissions: camera, microphone, location? What, hypocrisy. Ads are not evil, app developers who claim safety and have totally unnecessary "intrusive" permissions far worse than an ad are. Don't support browser app with false privacy claims, if you care.
I tried other ad block browsers on my new s8 and this was the first one I found so far that actually works without causing other problems.  The others I have tried would either not block ads at all, or I'd they did, they could constantly hang and take forever to load pages.  This browser is very snappy. And blocks ads very well.
Google Chrome+adblocker= Brave. Very nice. I love Chrome very much. But i stopped using it bcoz of its annoying ad. But Brave is same to same like Chrome, it also block ad. Please add Google sign in option in it. Coz of it can sync all Google History, Password, Bookmark.
Exceptional
Nothing but words od praise for this magnificent browser. It's fast and stable, blocks ads without a sweat. Also, thank you for keeping it ad free, that's so awesome of you. Maybe you could consider adding a "clear on exit" option (it's a bit tedious to delete history manually every time). Thank you again for being here.
Excellent browser. Like Chrome but simply faster and leaner.
Amazing browser I never got
Beats chrome for best browser imo
OMG Chrome with ad blocking, this is such a hidden gem. The ad blocker is not ublock origin level, but overall best browser in the store. It be perfect if it can close all tabs upon exiting the app tho.
Best browser
Very good app.
This is instantly my new favorite and default browser. The only thing I'm dying to have is bookmark synchronization from desktop Brave to Android. Honestly though, this loads pages so quick and blocks virtually everything, so I'm willing to do without bookmark sync. It's that good!
I love this ad blocker browser !!.. BUT why (if not for malicious intent) would you allow this app to be able to record user's camera and microphone "even without any notification" ?? IF you need proof - just check here below on "app permissions" list. Remove that potential security breach and you'll get back my other 4 stars .
Is this app also owned by Google? Because it has no difference with Google Chrome. Just a copy-paste app with a different icon. For once I thought I mistakenly opened my Chrome. If you have Chrome (which comes as default in all android phones), don't waste your data downloading this app.
Really super
I actually like the browser. It performs very well and I love not seeing popup adds. The problem is the application keeps requesting permission to access my Gmail accounts.  I deny it and in a few hours, I get another permission request from Brave browser asking to access my Gmail accounts again. Very, very annoying.
Nice
Does not support YouTube videos imbedded in numerous forums I frequent. Problems with most streaming content.  Major negative
Best browser I've tried them all this is the I keep using
Basically Chrome without ads. So, basically perfect. On a superficial level, could the developers please add the big Google logo to the homescreen when Google is set as default search engine? Doing the same for Bing, DuckDuckGo etc would also be really cool.
This is really fast. I really like it.
Good app.. please give google sync feature..
Html5 video is not playing.... Otherwise the app is very good...
Great
I like it use it  all the time it is great...
Fastest
wish that there is a home tab all in 1 page where one can swipe left or right for bookmarks/ recent tab/ history/ reading mode. would love to have a offline reading mode if possible in black screen mode for night time use too. wish that when close all tab it will open up to a new tab instead of exit totally. the number of tab maybe relocated at bottom right/left (configurable) for easy access when switching tab.
Jablanički denominator
Wow fast and clean
Top adblocker love it!
🐯👍
It's good
It's nice
Best app searching and good speed
I love this broswer
Perfect
Best
So much smoother than Chrome!
Made my life so much easy !
Needs HTML5 support
Very good apo
I just download Brave not up to 3 Hrs and I see some features that makes it better than UC browser, Apus, CM, and not yet confirmed it an upgrade for Opera mini. But i will prefer  Android version of it. Cuz am not on Tablet, But it seems better just need the Developers to add copy and paste to it   speed on 2G and 3G network, less Data consuming for Download and pages, to Detect sites with Virus and open any blocked sites easily
Use Brave for a couple weeks, then try Chrome for a day and watch how offensive all the ads are. You have to get rid of them then see them again to realize just how intrusive they are. This is Web browsing of the future and I am excited to see how Brave continues to be developed.
Problem! App crashes many times, 3-4 simultaneous tab slowing down the browser! Please Fix these Two Problems at the Earliest. This is my Favourite Browser so far..
The best browser for multitasking and changing between tabs. Helped me get rid of Chrome. Now I use BRAVE on my Mac also
Brilliant lightweight ad blocking. Becomes native browser for in-app browsing, so blocks ads there as well. Breaks some websites, but "Brave" features can be toggled off.
This is the fastest and most reliable mobile browser I've ever used. The UI and pages are always super responsive, the Shields are easy to work with, and the ad blocker & built-in HTTPS Everywhere are great for performance and privacy. Great app!
Great app and I love the idea. Runs very fast and reliable. There are sometimes issues with some pictures and videos but it's by far the best browser I used over the years. Nice job guys.
This is the browser that the Android app ecosystem needed, speed of chrome with adblocking capabilities. Best browser for Android right now.
Very nice. Love the speed and adblocker.  Best of both world. Nice UI too . Good work.
Decent Browser with great privacy settings but lacks some important features  - No reader mode - No ability to set user agent - No text wrap
Most stable browser so far. Nice features also!
could you please ad night mode please ! this feature would be so awesome.
Blocks ads especially on youtube.. While surfing youtube won't play HTML5 videos. (not all videos are html5) So an update for this would be appreciated..
Great to see what God brings to those who are BRAVE about their convictions - something even better that puts Firefox to shame. Way to go Brendan ! You're truly an inspiration in more ways than one !
This is a fully copied app of chrome browser . Hated
Was working. Android 5.0.1 yoga tab 2 x86. Unexpected error exception on startup.   Thanks. All working again.
Take too much time in opening images(even on 4g  ) plz provide low ,med and high resolution option and not showing the downloading speed plz fix these issues  Overall good app
Brave, the for front of a new era. Simple, clean and hands down the best. A major plus, I don't get liberal views, forced at me. Awesome!
Great fast browser that keeps away annoying ads
Does not support YouTube videos imbedded in numerous forums I frequent. Problems with most streaming content.  Major negative
Clear on exit? Seems an obvious feature for a privacy-central browser.
The real problem is dat it doesnt show file size before downloading. Dear maker, plz get it fixed
Love it! The way browsing used to be in the 90s before ads ruined the experience. Clean fresh and fast!
brave is 1 of the best browsers that sadly no1 uses.... the devs r doing a phenomenal job.... period
🕶️How the heck do I close incognito tabs?🕶️  I keep getting notifications to close all of my Brave Incognito Tabs, but I can't get rid of them. They will not go away, no matter what I do! (the notifications, not the tabs.) Thanks.
I love Brave on Android but occasionally content is missing from pages. For example, almost all medium articles are missing content, even with shileds turned off.
I use this in my Mac. Just wondering which one is okay DuckDuckgo browser or Brave. Brave uses duckduckgo search engine if I'm not wrong here
This is good counterpart for chrome but videos dosen't play if i enable ad blocker other wise it work fine.
It was a very difficult decision for me to move away from Google Chrome. However, this browser has exceeded my expectations and the team behind it is amazing. Excellent job.
I am using it as my main browser. It is really fast and smooth. To the downside is that the bookmarks doesn't sync with Google Chrome.
Lacks customizable speed dial, a shame. This feature has been requested several times and could be coded by a 5 year old kid... What are you waiting for???
Selective ad blocking. Popup messages about adblock asking to whitelist. Firefox + ublock never renders an ad or gives me messages. The problem with a "built-in" ad blocker is the dev can choose acceptable ads for you to generate revenue. There are no "acceptable ads" in my opinion.
I hate seeing ads and using Chrome as I'm scoring in the middle of reading it takes me to the new page but this browser solves all my issues
It blocks most of the ads but sometimes it is bad at loading some images and leaving gaps where the ads are. Also there is no way to easily add div's to block
Not able to play HTML 5 video. Says your browser do not support.
Too bad the adblocker isn't as good as you'd expect. Bring in uBlock pls!
I really like the browser the only problem that I have is when I click on logging with Google it just stays with the spinner on the screen.
It's just chrome with blocking settings.
Why I can't view twitter plugin on sites? It just says loading but it never loads.
Downgraded because of problems playing videos on steemit. Otherwise it's perfect.
Great so far. Being able to customize the NTP a bit would make it look nicer. Still 5 stars, can't wait to see the evolution of the Brave project over time.
Bring back the home button please it a feature I love
Love the browser. I just want to know if there is a way to export the bookmarks all at once on Android. I can't seem to find a way even when researching online.
Efficient and useful!
Chrome + adblocker, this combination makes it the best browser on the playstore.
Safe secure and most of all ad free fastest experience.
The best. No ads. Leaves chrome and the others in the dust
Very clean UI. My experience with this browser is one of the smoothest I've had. Love it.
Greatest browser ever, a true masterpiece of modern technology.
Brave running now on my Mac, Windows and Android. Excellent Browser.
Great browser, but why it keeps asking to access my Gmail accounts?
Gotta be the best browser I have used
Very nice but still needs a data saver
Home button is there. So all's perfect again! Browser now can't be beaten.
Can u add disable webrtc
Chrome, the way it should be.
it is so fast , perfect and excelent thank you so much
Fast and user friendly browser. Had no problems with it so far. Just installed and enjoyed serfing the internet.
Love it very fast , evan ebay is fast recommed this app
Where are the  extensions?
Fast and lightweight and has a slew of other great privacy features.
Try to copy chrome only.... nothing special
Like chrome browser....
Smooth interface and as its name suggests the ads are blocked.
Good but sometimes it doesn't block pop ups ads
Thanks for the job you do!I hope one day I can contribute to such projects !
How to backup bookmark.
Why have you copied Google Chrome design. Do something unique.
Perfect and secure replacement for Google chrome
I use this browser all the time.
Faster than chrome + ad blocking is a win! Snappy interface. Thumbs up for the developer!
Have to check it out still
It's basically chrome with ad block. It's excellent
Thanks you.
CUSTOM FILTER LISTS
One of the most reliable ad blocking browsers ever used
add a "Book Mark" button on main page
Its like.... chrome with some steroid....
OMG this is the best browser. Fast and beautiful without adds!! Really in love
There should be data saver option
Brilliant All in one browser great thanks brave
Just hoping I will be able to finally be able to open theses black photos??.?
perfect for cellphone normal web browse and video play/download  fast and no adware love it
It's the MOST trustworthy browser I have ever used...  It's just awesome thank you guys
This is by far the best mobile browser out there, uncontestedly. Pop-ups can suck it, thanks to brave. The ONLY thing this app would ever need is a widget for a search bar linked to the browser. That's it.
The last update removed the home icon. This is major problem for me and part of why I installed it in the first place. Other than that it is the best mobile browser I have used.
Best browser on Android!
Great browser!
Love this app. Best browser around
It is really fast and efficient. Except for the fact that the inbuilt Video player in the browser is very laugh. Please fix it.
Quite annoying that you have taken away the home screen button. 5 stars when it comes back.
Latest update deleted or lost the homepage option. While the homepage is in the settings, it's not coming up when I open Brave.
You are everything that stock Chrome app should've been, even if you were a plugin for the plugin supporting chrome app. Before brave I used to use #Nochromo but now i need nothing else, brave is the best, clean and simple.
I love it
I'll be missing the home button. Should be optional feature.  Also, after the update if I close the last tab it won't exit, just stays a black blank browser, very annoying. It did exit before.
As with others, please bring back the HOME icon!!!  Read reason for its removal however a FAR better solution would be a option in settings to show or not show.  Adblock  and Home icon are the two main reasons I switched from Google Chrome to Brave.  In future update would greatly appreciate the ability to save Bookmarks to a file like the Dolphin browser does.
Update. Last update broke a favorite feature! Home button gone so setting home page setting now does nothing. Hate it when devs make changes for the sake of change. A definite regression imho!  Nice! Very smooth and fast with good ad and video autoplay blocking. UA string correctly reported on Huawei M2, unlike other browsers (I'm looking at you Chrome!). Only criticism is that opening after exit restores last tabs - so have to muck about closing tabs then going to Home. A "restore tabs" option would make this good browser great.
Brilliant
👎ads loved it
Love it
Very good experience
Fast and blocks ads.
Excellent thanks
Last update broke the best feature - "about:blank" homepage. Now I am forced to look at the cluttered "last visited" page. Please, bring a working homepage back. Thanks.
The first Android browser with a real download manager. Thank you so much. But no timestamp on history? Sadly. Please, can you stop that lady voice from reading out Google Search results every time I do a voice search?
So fast.
This is undoubtedly the best "BROWSER". Not more than a browser. It has the Chrome interface and a built-in ad blocker. It's fine, but add something more and make it more than a "BROWSER". I think you should a download manager like the ones in other browsers which shows the speed and time left as well.
Good
Seriously fast and responsive!
Great privacy browser with built in ad blocking. However, it's lacking two major features that Firefox has: clearing cache, cookies and history on exit and close tabs on exit. These are essential to be a true privacy browser..
Met what i need on mobile surfing
BAT to the moon
It's just bravery to associate with this App.
I'm very used working with Chrome browser but annoying ads sours my mood. I'm fine with normal ads but pop-ups that comes every seconds are very annoying and bothersome that I'd to restart browser in order to go back to my website until the same intrusive ads came back. I'd to find adblock. Then I discovered this. Looks the same as Chrome but blocks most of the intrusive ads. Just what I need.  But it would be even better if it could sync my bookmarks from Chrome. I work with bookmarks a lot. So had to go back and fort to update my Chrome bookmarks with this browser. Edit: Thanks for working on bookmark sync. I also like to request if it's possible to reorganise our bookmarks better. Like in alphabetical order. Instead of moving each link 1 by 1 in each folder. Thnx.
Great app Thanks
Good, user-friendly browser.  Basically chrome, just with a lot less ads. I have run into some sites that will not run in Brave due to the ad blocking.  so you will still need another browser.
After one week of usage, I've decided that Brave Browser will be my main browser for my phone. I was quite disappointed with chrome's storage usage and battery drain. Then, Brave came along, and I saw that it had the same design as chrome has. So I was interested and used the browser over the week. And right now, this has got to be my favourite browser! Thank you developers for making such an amazing app. Keep up the good work! And please don't go to the dark side of chrome's evil storage usage and battery drain.
Its like.... chrome with some steroid....
Give some attention on background downloading.
Love the direction this is going.
Great app just needs a beta. Also it wasn't able to sync with my chrome settings which I use frequently from continuing recent tabs to  using saved passwords.
Why will it not work on youtube? Says it doesn't recognize any of the video formats.
Best alternative to Chrome
Is good because no ads and free
The desktop and mobile browser are both great. The only addition I'd like to see is a dark theme/night mode.
Best mobile browser I've ever used. Just like chrome  but brave has amazing ad blocking. Must have.
Great browser!  Would like to clear data on exit though. Also not have the browser open the last site I visited after exiting. Would definitely recommend though.
Great browser. But, sorry devs, there's no option to desactivate the last used tab. It opens automatically at the next browser start.
Great browser replacement for Lightning, another great browser with adblocker. If you add the feature to force incognito at all times or clear browsing history on exit, that would be great.
like it a lot but I don't get why it keeps asking for account access.
I like this app. It's useful for blocking ads. Download it!!!!
Blazing fast. I've completely switched over and it's now my default mobile browser.
Hola, cuando en la app de Facebook veo algún video que quiero descargar, lo que hago es copiar el link de la publicacion y pegarla en el navegador ya que allí si aparece esa opción: ciempiés lo he echo en Chrome si ningún problema pero en este navegador no es tan eficiente en esa tarea ya que se estanca al cargar el post,  y son simples videos posteados en Facebook.  Porque pasa eso.? Es algo muy molesto.. Se queda estancada y debo pulsar el botón de home del cell para salir.. Arreglen eso porfavor,  creo que regresaré a Chrome  por el momento.
The ad block doesn't work.
I was looking for a chrome browser that blocked ads. This was a perfect fit with  perfect execution. So much better than Firefox + ublock Origin.
Can i get Beta version? Or when will it be released? Please include black mode for night time.
Would've been nice if it had Google sync for chrome bookmarks, that's it.  Edit 14/5/17 : Still no sync :|
ad blocking is not working on the latest version......?..?? please fix it soon
I want an app which stop add of other app which bubble up when am  using other app.........not a server
Typing passwords and keeping bookmarks in sync is a chore on a mobile device, desperately needs sync
I like this browser. It's a no nonsense product. But, please update it to utilize the 18.5 : 9 aspect ratio of the new Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+.
Does not work on ZTE Blade 4
After recrnt update...There is dark screen at the bottom of the new tab everytime i launch the app....pls remove that
Definitely it overtakes the Chrome and others opera is my favourite but Brave is doing great job!!!☆☆☆☆☆   But there is problem of copy paste things i cant copy what I'm reading on browser.
It was great in it's previous versions but now it's not working that way.Ads are coming and it makes surfing uneasy and unbearable,plz fix this problem.....
It's great. Can I request for a setting to daily clear browsing data, or integration with Tasker to do so?
the browser is great but I can't find the way to sync the bookmarks with other devices.....
Chrome with ad blocking, sensible defaults and an actual privacy policy, from one of the original Mozilla people. I'm sold.
Loving it!  Edit : Don't know what happened, everything is fine now, the black bar dissapeared.
Works great for most daily browsing, but on a few websites it throws up redirect errors and fails to load images consistently even with everything disabled.
App is amazing it's my go to browser. Just wish it had a night mode.
A Chrome experience without the nasty ads. FEATURE REQ: Immersive  Mode, so that the Nav Bars are hidden to enjoy a full screen browsing experience. Thank you developers.
O would love to use this as my main browser, but currently It is buggy af. Hope It improves over time
I have a YouTube channel  I can make people download your app if you want only 400$
Fastest I've found. And private. Using it with StartPage as search engine. Superb! Was using Cliqz previously but this is far more polished.
The bookmark sync is a basic feature for a web browser, it should be there on next update. It still worth 5 stars, it is the best android web browser
Great work developers. I really like how you try to implement most of the suggestions by the users. I would totally recommended this. Finally, a browser which replaced my chrome.
Fast and reliable browser but you still need a backup Chrome for some web pages Brave won't display properly
Webm playback doesn't work.
Decent browser, could do with an option to block all sites from sending notifications, instead of having each one individually asking me (and being refused).
I'm a very happy Brave user on the PC and now a happy user on Android as well. Thanks a lot for all your efforts, guys.
It's like the mobile equivalent of having a good Ad Blocker plugin and NoScript on a desktop browser. Works just like Chrome and is Open Source too. Love it!
On sites like 4chan, opening a webm causes the video player to disappear.
Best mobile browser if you care about privacy
Just like chrome, but ad free.
Good browser  will be the excellent. if be added an option to use external Media player with volume control gestures  Thanks
Great browser. Fast, elegant and safe. Could really do with the ability to sync bookmarks.
Best browser. Period. Based on the Chrome engine, faster and more secure, with a built-in ad-blocker!
Best Browser There Is In The Market!
This app is very helpkffull & powerfull
it's a copy of chrome damit
So far so good. If they don't collect data how do they make money though?
Best adblock....😘 Fast surfing and fast downloading...... better than other browsers.....😇
Uses 4x more background data than foreground data.
Very fast. Features hovering over a tab to see its content.
Got nice expreience with browser,but sometime its hang phone...
After trying a number of alternative Android browsers, this is now my favorite.
Refreshing to use a browser that cares about your privacy
Hands down the fastest browser out there.
Browser on blockchain!! Doesn't get higher tech than that. Loving it!
It is about time that someonecame out with a browser like this!
-1 star=there is no way to change your startup page?
Awesome.. Really nice browser Question is how to earn Bat (basic attention token) while using brave browser?
So far it's great, nice and fast, great add blocks.
Superlative! Fastest, smoothest and the best. Would like if you implemented support for adaptive icons. Thanks
Getting ads in websites every third day
Like Chrome, but faster and gets you rid of the ads.
There is no "Bookmarks Sync Across the Devices" option.. Please add this feature.....
Great product. Can't wait use bat on it
Keep up your efforts. Just in love with this app!
I would definitely use if I could sync with my Google account.(originally thought I could since it was built on chromium)
App not working my Redmi note 4 what problem?
Finally... Thank you!
Wow, I am honestly surprised how good this browser is. I guess that is to be expected considering the founder but...
Browser  is good.  Needs to work on videos part
Browsing with minimum data usage
Browser of choice. Makes the web tolerable on mobile
It doesnt block any ads.
Bring back the home button please it a feature I love
Amazing app. Clean and simple. Best feature: chrome with built in adblock! I would pay for this app! ❤️
An open source browser with ad blocker and brother of Mozilla Firefox!!!!
My favorite browser to use, one step up from chrome!
Best browser ever made even better than chrelove the protection it provides
This Brave browser is absolutely fantastic. The best browser i have found, it is fast and safe. Download without hesitation, you will be amazed. Thank you developer's for this great app.😁
No ads, good speed and my default browser. Enough said, install and try yourself
after trying many i come across this one, this is little bit slower than puffin but it really blocks the ad and allows to change the search engine. hands down this is the best browser and one of the fastest availble on Android,
Brave, by far, is the best web browser I've ever had the privilege of typing my queries into. Not only is it secure, but it refuses to allow any outside corporation to track you. In fact, the only way they make money is if you like them and what they stand for then choose to tip them for their efforts. Give it a shot....you'll be glad you did!
What's with all the crashes every 2 minutes seriously this is horrible
This browser is good for the most part, but the translator never works. I've uninstalled Brave and have since switched to Power Browser.
Doesn't appear to support Disqus, otherwise simply the best.
Nice web browser, but it would be great if i could use extensions like Firefox on Android and when i hold tap on a video, i only see the option for download, Firefox offers me the option i like, Open with an App, (VLC in my case), and i don't find the setting to configure the restoration of the state it was before close. Keep working i like the idea and the performance. Best regards ^^.
Its awesome but sometimes ad block doesn't work and the browser isn't maximized full screen on the S8 Plus. Overall its awesome.
Stop asking for permission to access my account! Denied means just that. Deleted.
Those retards complaining about browser asking for permissions, since Android 5.0 every app requires permission to do even basic things and if you are really concerned about privacy this app is open source. Find it on GitHub and do some research.
3 months later,still getting YouTube errors on videos. Like the browser,fix and I'll update this review
A browser by the creator of JavaScript! We're so used to wait for ads to download that this is fresh. The internet is back, and it's fast! Thanx Brendan Eich!
Would've been nice if it had Google sync for chrome bookmarks, that's it.  Edit 14/5/17 : Still no sync :|
Working good. It takes a little time to load some pages, but I guess that's because the adblock takes some time. I think that you should add the option to automatically clean your history on exit.
Just like Chrome, but without Google spying on your every action. Superb!
It is a carbon copy of GOOGLE CHROME. Nothing extra Features. Looks like also it. Ad blocking feature is in the name only...
Horrible. Opened and IMMEDIATELY had pop-ups. Didn't even have the appearance of performing at all.
Works great on my LG V20 so I installed it on my G4 as well. Hate Chrome & Lovin' Brave.
Fantastic so far -gives huge degree of privacy without 'certain' companies spying on every keystroke & then by the same Co's -being fed back adds.  Here the adds are nil & use of info can be controlled with a tap of icon. Speed of searching & breadth of keyword browsing seems unexpectedly good too. Give this browser a go!
Brave browser requested access to my Google account.I've declined the request at first but later accidentally allowed.Now I'm very concerned about my account's privacy and security.Could you help me, please? Thanks.
Does what it says. Blocks ads from opening and does that without the help of any third party ad blocker. Clean, simple to use, just like Chrome since it's based on Chromium source. Very impressive.
Yet another browser that has dropped support for Tegra2 based devices for no good reason.
Your latest version is not showing most images properly. I am using j1 ace j110h
This is an amazing piece of software. On my old Sony it runs smoothly. I mostly appreciate the emphasis on security and privacy. The fact there's a built-in adblocker and canvas blocker. Great work, devs!
This is exactly what the Chrome app failed to accomplish, to integrate a built-in ad block.  This app feels very responsive & snappy. I highly recommend as I've used Chrome app previously. GREAT JOB!!!
I really like how snappy and seamlessly it works. It's the fastest browser I've used. The only drawback is that it doesn't support HTML5!!
I really like this browser. The only thing it lacks is the ability to clear browser history on exit.
No replies on why it asks for Google account access. Becomes slow over time. A lot of force close.
Saved me about $15 last month on my data plan thanks to all the built in ad blocking they use. Sweet!
Attention to the developers!!!  Why I can't watch online streaming videos sites now?? It says " Error loading player;  no Playable source found " . Please help me to fix this problem or I should shift to Puffin web browser pro ! I know it Works greater than ad blocker browser .fine, love it but need to fix online streaming videos errors 😊 Thank you!
Ad Block doesn't work at all, it doesn't even block AdWord ads. Edit: fixed it, had to clear all browser data
This app is useless whenever I download something it just downloads half of my files and does not resume
Majority of my phone use is web browsing. That's basically all I do. I use HTC 10. All 3rd party apps we're no where near performance of chrome. However, this browser definitely is better or the same with better privacy and ad blocking. Winner!
Identical to chrome browser. Does much worse job of blocking ads then its predecessor link bubble browser.
Can't be set as system app on rooted devices (at least on mine - i used Root Uninstaller Pro), because the app won't start (unspecified error). It also has issues with some sites (like ups activation page).
Can access brave site shield settings! Its eery and creepy not being able to access settings.
I found that it always crashes while surfing facebook website, but other sites are good. Also, i am still waiting for the bookmark sync!
Fast than all chromium and mozilla based browser and also safe with it's adblock feature. The best feature are it never fails in download big file and also its browsing speed is very fast.
Video doesnt loads properly even some times late....firefox rocks in terms of watching video...
The best browser on Android so far. Moreover it's open source. Good Job !
Great browser, very fast...but can you add galaxy s8 full screen support please?
Brave is a very fast browser, but It's not the best.
The best browser I have used up to now
Good browser but on home page, it  displays a black bar down there. What's the point?
A very good browser for Android, which helps you protect your privacy. Regularly Updated.
Finally! Real ad blocking!
There are a couple of bugs when software navbar is disabled. A bug report function would be great!
Just a copy of Google chrome. Get something new.
Works great allowing the user to block scripts as well. An option to clear history/cache on exit would be nice.
Does not support some videos on you tube HTML5
Doesn't block ads completely.
Let's through more ads than chrome itself
What happened in the latest version? Videos are not working no more.
The ad and tracker blocking make a huge difference, this browser is FAST.
before this update it was working great but now brave shield is not working and only thing i see is grey icon of brave shield which do not respond on touch
Why the browser is asking permission to google account?
Slow working and consuming more battery
Love that it's got popup blocker. It is very similar to chrome in  look  and  feel so it was a natural alternative for me.
Nothing to say enjoy this browser
Much better than chrome, disable it from your phone, switch to brave completely and forget about ads forever.
Simple browsing with the most efficient built-in ad-blocking in my experience on Android.
Great browser that is super fast and blocks all the rubbish you're not interested in
Great. Please add support for disabling auto play videos.
There's now this black bar at the bottom and it takes up a lot of space.
Not filtering ads anymore for one week. Bug? Edit fixed by resetting cache and settings
I swear my phone runs faster in genernal. Not just my browser experience.
Provide option in settings to download path to sd card
A great browser. I use it on Fedora Linux at home, so I'm happy to see it on android.
I was an UC user ,but now only using brave and disabled chrome . love it for its built in ad blocker .
I'm a very happy Brave user on the PC and now a happy user on Android as well. Thanks a lot for all your efforts, guys.
Sad se gatiya chalta hai
Works well with more to come. I'm excited to see where it's all heading.
It is fastest Browser I ever installed . I m only concern about the new bookmarks how I save them.
Far better than other ads shoving browsers.
Does not support any video format.
This browser is awesome, loads so much faster than Chrome and it blocks all ads
Browser is awesome but after awhile started letting ads show up.
i think it should improve ad blocking system more. but still i like it.... awesome browser & really fast
Awesome brave browser zoom the page & Facebook video zooming ,downloading & very fast browsing very very excellent keep it up
Good browser....
Best browser out there
Fast, light, and constantly updated to be the best
Needs two more things to become a 5/5. A video player like the Dolphin Browser (where you can use touch to control volume, brightness, and seek) and an option to erase cookies, cache, and/or history automatically when you exit out of the app. I know incognito mode exist, but sometimes I just want my history to remain, but lose the cookies and cache without having to manually do it every time.
Poor 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Brilliant
Smooth and perfect browser app
Nice work👍
Awesome thanks BRAVE
Nice
No ads. Values privacy and works great.
Brilliant!!!
Refreshing to use a browser that cares about your privacy
awesome!
Nice browser, make it lightweight to make it better
Good
Very impressed
nice
Great work ...
Incredibly smooth
adfree
I have mixed feelings about this app. This is an application targeted to the privacy aware user that insists in getting access to every Google account on your device. Disable notifications from Brave doesn't stop the annoying privacy-invading request. It happens at every reboot and at a frequency that I haven't deciphered yet. The Play Store description doesn't even attempt to explain why this permission request is required.
Back to 1.0.23
Quick, safe and easy to use
Its perfect. Chrome Enhanced.
Very fast
Best ads blocked with stable performance.
Best light apps
chrome ++
Lovely clean look and feel
awesome browser must try it👌 INBUILT VPN PLUGIN PLZ ... .....
Cool
59 version is so fast, thank you!
Excellent connectivity..
The app Chrome should have been. This is essential if you want to keep data usage down (no ads to download) and makes the entire browsing experience much better. HIGHLY recommend!
Best browser. Same Chrome with adblocker
Safe and fast ,  simple and good
A really nice browser. Fully compatible with libero.it (and that is pretty rare). A bit on the slow side, but the adblock is a heavy piece of software, so it's totally reasonable. For suggestion I'd say it need a full screen feature, one where it hide the status bar (and maybe put out a floating button to call the menu) and a night mode (as now the white background it's a killer for the eyes in the night). Otherwise a really nice app. edit: thank you for the fast reply!
Cool browser. Fast
Love it!
It is very nice web browser. Thanks
Just a wrapped copy of chrome with good security.
Love it, feels like Chrome and loads faster with no ads
Best browser I've used. Better privacy, better ad blocking.
Best browser I've ever used. Chromium with Adblock is a great combination.
What's the best Android browser I used
Just add Sync between devices and it will be the best mobile browser ever...
Great Browser! Just add the launcher shortcuts and this app is golden.
It's awesome very useful
Incredibly FAST!
No bookmark sync available..
cannot play html5 video
Can I sync with my desktop version??
Why is facebook not working
Not really block google ads
Failed at startup on xcover3
Very fast with great ad blocking built in.  The best Brower on the market
Very smooth but webm doesn't work. Could this be fixed?
My daily browser
When is BAT coming out ? :)
Fast and clean + I love the ad and tracker blocking!
IT REALLY NEEDS HTML5 SUPPORT
Simple browsing with the most efficient built-in ad-blocking in my experience on Android.
Would be nice to have a dark, night mode.
Good just need more work in video stream
Great browser.!
Ad block works most of the time.
Coming from TugaBrowser, this is really stable and excellent.
Fast. Simple. Ad free. Safe and secure.   What more could you ask for?
Excellent app for security and privacy. Out of the box protection and very fast browsing.
It's like Chrome but without ads 👍
AMOLED-friendly night mode would make this browser perfect.
Better version of chrome, so good!
Good, but please make possible to import bookmarks from chrome browser.
👍exactly wat i ws looking for..blocks ad 👌.. fast browsing👍😀
great browser but it needs a "go to top"  button
Amazing app that does what it's said it would do
Fast, privacy conscious, and not made by google. Who could ask for more?
Ad blocker not working. Needs to improve
I want black theme, dark mode. Plz
By far the best browser I've used on Android. Renders webpages (minus annoying ads) incredibly quickly. Slick, intuitive UI. Really glad I found this browser.
Decided to try Brave seeing as there is no native ad-blocking support on Chrome for Android and I couldn't be happier. Brave is fast, minimal, and ad free. Not to mention being backed by Brendan Eich, the creator of JavaScript and the co-founder of Mozilla. Great development team behind this project. Looking forward to their disruption of the ad industry with their future implementation of the Basic Attention Token!
An amazing browser for all platforms! In this day and age, tracking and fingerprinting is all too common, and Brave is well tailored to circumvent that disregard for personal privacy. Built off the venerable Chrome browser, you'll be greeted by a familiar UI, functionality​, and speed. I hope cross platform sync will come out soon!
Great browser! Very fast and lots of nice little (and essential!) security features. One minor gripe is not being able to change the location of downloads to an external SD card, but apart from that, it's great!
Good browser but needs option to clear app data. Using 1.2 gb storage on phone which is ridiculous! Will be forced to uninstall if this issue isn't resolved soon... :(
Best browser
Liked it for a minute...  Then I noticed things...  Like how the microphone indicator was always on when I was using the app, history not being deleted, etc.  Seemed fishy, so I moved on.      Not to mention that the app seems large for a browser.  I give 3 stars because the app works and it is pretty fast.
Superb
Meh! Very typical bulky size browser like chrome or firefox! Nothing special about it. There are thousands browser on playstore can gave the same result with lots more of function or features and with minimal size! So your speed test is better than some other but that doesn't proof anything! Does supercar like Bugatti Veyron as practical as other slower car? No! It depends on how you used daily with lots of other aspects to consider!
Excellent browser overall. This opens web pages that my previous browser couldn't. It's reasonably quick and feels familiar when using it... quite comfortable, so I'm making this my default browser on the tablet. 👍A major plus point for me is being able to organise bookmarks in multiple categories; please don't change this. I don't like the way icons of web sites I've visted, appear automatically on the homepage and I'd also like to be able to set my own homepage... but these are small issues.
I like it so far... But after setting it up on my notebook, the lack of bookmark syncing is a deal breaker. It said something about sharing a QR code so I know​ it's coming... But that's a basic browsing necessity.
Easy to work
I want to use this browser, but significant battery drain is forcing me to switch back to Chrome. Easily 10-30% less of total battery at the end of my day using Brave browser.
Nice
All this trouble you went to to say that the way you block ads is private, yet you still ask for access to my Google accounts after a reboot. I will not now, nor ever grant it, take the hint. I'm still kind of concerned that you even know them.  Edit: Also, I will not email your support as you asked last time as this isn't a tech support issue, it along with your lack of "always incognito" is a design flaw that you need to fix with programmers.  Still all that and no always incognito.
Usefull
Best ad blocking browser available. Clean interface, no bloatware. It is also the first android app I have seen with an "exit" funtion that actually closes the app instead of just sending it to the back. Very impressive!
Does not delete history or cache. Hitting the back or forward button will allow it to be viewed. Brave has known about this issue but still advertises they are "safer". That is a flat out lie.
Really nice browser. Quick and good privacy features too.   Only issue I have is that I would kill for a night mode to be added. I know it's very much a side issue but I can't stand the whitespace on most websites. Will give it a 5 as soon as this feature arrives!
Lean, fast, and add-free. My new go-to browser, after Dolphin and Chrome messed up.
Best
Very fast and nice (at first glance). Only additional feature I'd like to see would be to be able to set to dump all history, cookies etc. when closing browser. Or to be able to set to use incognito mode all the time. Whoops! Just saw it suffers from WebRTC leakage of info. Fatal flaw; can't use!
Good app
Great browser.  Better and faster than any other browser out there and I have used them all in all platforms.  Only downside is some sites with flash still struggle but not a biggie for me.  Great job!
Brave
The browser of the future.  Sleek, fast, secure!  Switched to Brave on all my devices and couldn't be happier.  The company is led by the inventor of Javascript and Co founder of Firefox and Mozilla.  The man is at the core of the tech that has enabled the modern internet and his new Browser will be at the core of the future of the internet!  Once the Basic Attention Token comes out the game changes for ever!  Get on board!
Best application
Double tap-drag zoom actually implemented and working. Nice privacy options. No stupid demanding of rights from the app nor ads. BUT tab and bookmark management is really bad. Since Opera improved again somewhat, I am returning to the latter again.
badass
Chrome as it should be. Every page seems to load faster thanks to the smooth adblock implementation.  Have used it for a day now and I'm not one to normally leave reviews, but this is the browser of choice for those who dont care about plenty of unecessary bloated features. Keep up the great work devs!
Great app
Good
Simply the best
SIMPLY AWESOME
Just great
Amazing
Much more stable than Firefox mobile. However it needs a setting in the preferences to NOT re-open all my previous tabs after I've fully exited the browser and killed the process, that's annoying when it starts reloading a page when you start it up. I would prefer a clean slate. Also when clearing the browser history it should also close all the existing tabs that are still open.  Recently it has started to be very crashy and slow when browsing. Also the phone is overheating when just doing simple browsing.
Amazing for video casting to Chromecast. Super fast browsing with so many annoying ads removed on mobile. This browser is awesome! Seriously, download it and go to your favorite site and look at the empty holes where ads reside. Yes, Brave needs some improvements but what an amazing start. Thanks for such a wonderful browser.
It's easily the best app for web surfing and every other browser should take note. It's just open source chrome, with an ad blocker but with how bad JavaScript is as a language, the less of it running behind the scenes the better. Also, from a personal security pov, i like the idea that my browser data is fairly safe without the browse bring obtrusive about it. It does what it says without much work on my part. It also allows me to use Facebook without the app which is much more satisfying as it doesn't crash every 4 and a half second.
Was looking for an alternative to ff, which is just so slow at rendering pages now. This is much snappier and I liked the interface. Use AdAway as my phone is rooted, so can't comment on the adblock side of things as that already removes the lot. However, after 3 days I Uninstalled as my phone was hanging like a cold dead goose and widgets flickered and stay blank. First new app on my phone for months and all back to normal now, so must be the culprit.. Shame.
Best web browser.
The Best Browser for Android and PC
The best browser for mobile ;)
A great browser, thanks to developer.
Best browser
Best browser for me so far.
Best browser. Blocks ads and is fast.
Best browser I have ever used in my life......
Easy to use .
Its fast and user friendly. I love it.
Faster and more private than chrome
Best app for browsing fastly
Wow, like chrome on steroids! Recommended!
I love this concept of fixing the web.
Great with the built in ad blocker and script blocker.
Awesome browser, like chrome on steroids!!
Great product. Quick page loads
Best!
Not blocking all ads anymore
It is fast.
Simply the best!
Better than any other browsers.
Super duper !!! :)
Cool .best one
Awesome!
Awesome & fastest browser ever used.
Latest update is buggy.  Otherwise, wonderful.
Lightning fast on my android. Love it.
Amazing  application
The better Chrome.
Amazing so far!
Good apps
Better version of chrome, so good!
Hmm
The best! I love it!
Loading time is very fast
Chrome + Adblock. Perfect.
This is best alternative to CHROME..🙌
Not good
This is an excellent web browser for Android.
App works well. Have tried​ other blockers and they still let ads through. Not this one. Compaired the different browsers on news sites full of annoying ads and this was by far the best one. Thanks, cause I really hate ads.
Pretty much chrome+adblock right now, but that's all I want right now! Excited to see where the desktop version is headed. Consistently the most secure browser, not sure if the mobile is as secure as the desktop browser.
The Brave team is awesome! I couldn't ask for a better browser! + They use Chromium with a built in adblock which makes them even braver! Hands down better than Google Chrome and faster too. You guys rock! Idk why people are arguing over the adblock stats and other info. I think it is pretty useful knowledge for the users.
Best Android browser ever.  It's like chrome but super fast and they don't spy on you.  No stupid ads and people or selling off info to advertising companies.  I will never use another android browser. Also download it on your mac or PC. Just amazing!!!!!
Fantastic browser!  The best ad-blocking mobile browser I have used so far.  Performance is great.  No issues so far.  What's not to like?  : )  Thank you to the Brave Software team for this excellent free software.
This is Chrome with more search engines. Plus pretty much everything I install Firefox for. The privacy/security add-ons! Only, these are built-in. I like it! :) I mostly love the speed with all of these combined.  I have a request to make though; instead of tracking and ad-blocking being combined, could they be separated? Because some sites don't show at all (they're all images), since these are blocked for tracking protection in some cases. Thanks for this great app to give me more flexibility and choice when it comes to web!  EDIT: This is a fast browser, faster than Firefox and even Opera. But it slows down significantly once you pass 9 open tabs. This doesn't happen on the other two even with up to 30 tabs simultaneously open on both!
Absolutely great browser, I use it daily and it's probably the closest to chrome with extra features like Ad Blocking. Only one thing that I would love is that if you add a data saver option like what Opera Mini Browser has or even if it's just a feature like lowering the image resolution of displaying images. Another thing I would like is Accelerated Mobile Page Processing, Google chrome has has that feature to quickly load pages and because Brave is running on Chromium, wouldn't that be on this? If you add these two features, I would give this app a 5 star rating, still lots to improve.
It's quick, good, and as promised there's no ads. Under constant development, so there might be some issues but 95% of the time you'll be amazed. I'm using it both on my mobile and on all my laptops/PCs
AMAZING! Understandably skeptical at first, but I must admit this browser is awesome. No more annoying 30 sec. ads before every video I wanna watch, a significant reduction in obstructive banner ads, and the browser is laid out almost exactly like Chrome, so I didn't have to acclimate or learn a new setup. Wish I could import bookmarks (maybe I'm just overlooking where to do that?) but the aforementioned features totally make up for it. So far, I love it, but pissed off at myself for not finding it sooner.
Been using for 2 weeks on my other android phone and also laptops x2. Impressed. Easy to configure per site..intuitive and flexible.. Fed up with sites trying to capture everything I do.👤👥 So far 4.5 stars 👍🏼 ..
This really is a browser I definitely am keeping. It's so fast and truly keeps ads away. Very simple Material Design. I couldn't be happier.  Some may want a home button as the home button being iffy for ChromeOS on some devices. Either way your browser is much smoother. I believe you'll continue to make improvement as y'all go along. Android 7.0 user.
Seems clean and fast. The four things that would keep me from making this my default browser at this time are 1) not being able to auto clear history, cookies, cache on exit. 2) no persistent desktop mode. I'm on a 10" tablet and much prefer using desktop on all sites I visit. 3) no way to choose SD Card download folder. 4) cannot import/export bookmarks. Also, being able to utilize a local adblock list would be really helpful. I have about 20 custom rules that are typically not picked up by stock blocking.
App crashes after this update won't even start. The information I have provided as stated is as complete as possible. The app crashes will not even start. Tyr to start the app, it crashes, it's very simple.
Just amazing, you instantly notice difference over other browsers, much faster, blocks those annoying adds and pop ups. Control is back in the users hands, can't recommend this more.
Chrome with better ad blocking & exit button. Couple of improvements I'd like to see. Most annoying is that it opens to the last page I visited, it should open to the homepage. On exit I would like it to clear the history and cache.
Blocks the annoying ads on the sites I frequent & loads the comments sections. It's way faster than Chrome (ads galore), Firefox ('aw snaps' almost everytime I use it), and the Samsung browser. Also much better than Free ad Blocker! Thank you devs!
Dear developers, I've been using this browser for a year and also been loving it, when suddenly after the last updates get your browser so heavy that it crashes like crazy. It suddenly blips out of my screen, and since I use your browser to type long long long reviews, all my writing just gone. Please help. My phone is in perfect working condition and that condition only happens with this browser. Thanks.
Pro: Faster than Firefox. Does not filter every URL through a search engine. Blocks ads and popups.   Con: Does not allow itself to be stored on SD card.
This browser is basically Chrome with built-in ad blocking. It's compatible with LastPass. I wish there were a built in VPN for security and data compression, but I'd rather have ad blocking if I have to choose!
Fails to implement a HUGE selling point, that I can sync between devices. They have instructions, but after you follow them and they don't work, some googling leads to a nonchalant "we haven't implemented that on mobile yet". Don't promise a key feature and make users work hard to find out you lied. Not cool. I may be back, of you promise to tell the truth.
Failed on startup.   Edit: Your error message says: "Braved failed during start-up with an unexpected error."  On a "samsung note 4" all software and OS fully updated
Love this app. So clean and fresh. Hate to say that Firefox, dolphin, UC et al are buggy and sluggish in comparison. Certainly has no bells and whistles but Brave has ad block with all the slickness of chrome.
Good chrome based browser which does its job on blocking annoying ads. But still missing a lot of good features. Like a downloader,night mode, bookmark sync etc. Please add these features on upcoming updates. Thanks!
Works as it's supposed to work, blocks pop-ups and intrusive ads, blocks autoplay of videos (one of my biggest pet peeves), and doesn't have issues with frequent crashing. Runs off Chromium/Chrome Dev, so it has a familiar feel. Works better with Android 6 than most other adblock browsers i've tried. EDIT: Intrusive, browser-hijacking ads still get through courtesy of Google, so i'm guessing this will never be fixed, and as such, 4 stars instead of 5, sorry
It's fine and noble but... How do I choose the ad model in Android? Where are those ad options from the PC version? E.g. How do I choose the payment method? I also hate that it just uses the Chrome skin. This UI drove me away from Chrome. Shame, because Brave looks stunning on PC. Update: Brave replied, asking me to describe on their forum what I mean by choosing the ad model, but when I tried signing up the site said it can't tell if my account was created and I couldn't sign in. But all I simply meant by "ad model" is Brave's differentiator, the whole point of using it: the model of allowing users to see no ads, original ads or Brave's ads, as available on the Pc (?) But maybe this will be added when payment options are added.
Fantastic so far -gives huge degree of privacy without 'certain' companies spying on every keystroke & then by the same Co's -being fed back adds.  Here the adds are nil & use of info can be controlled with a tap of icon. Speed of searching & breadth of keyword browsing seems unexpectedly good too. Give this browser a go!
Fast and secure with built-in ad block. Unlike other browsers, the ad block is not an extension so it has no performance overhead. Developed by the founder of Mozilla and creator of JS.
Except downloading , everything is very good. In downloading section this app sucks. I was downloading a video and after 50 percent I paused it and after sometime when I started  downloading ,it started from 0% again and it happens everytime.
Move the home button and brave button inside the hamburger menu. They are unimportant and rarely used. Because it makes the address bar to appear too small and aesthetically unpleasing.  Other than that the browser is bombastic.
It was great for a few days. Then it started shutting down every time I tried to share a webpage on Face Book. Then wouldn't zoom in on any web pages and when the back button is pressed it goes back to the wrong page. Will uninstall.
This app needs clear history on exit. It is not user friendly to manually require a user to clear history and exit a tab. Even with incognito tabs, exiting with the exit link and re entering the application brings up the old session defeating the purpose of incognito.
In the beginning it was blocking ad's but, now ad's are being displayed on just about every site I go to. If I could give this no stars instead of 1 star I would just that.
Ad-blocking is inferior compared to my favorite plugins because 3rd-part lists cannot be used.  I miss GApps account integration.  Feels like a vanilla Chromium build.
This browser is identical to Chrome, with adblock, except it's lacking the most essential part: syncing with your Google account. How come that was the only thing left out? I can't use a browser without syncing capabilities.
Just downloaded and immediately blocked pesky ads that have been plaguing me for weeks. I'll use it a little longer and decide on giving 4 or 5 stars.
Seems to be quick and  easy to use but despite having java script enabled  im repeatedly told at various sites this browser does not support java and to install another browser that does,like firefox. Also not able to move app to SD and app is 113mb on system memory...no way of importing or exporting bookmarks.At this point im unconvinced and uninstalled.Better faster browsers than this that occupy less space.
Definitely one of top my browser list with apus browser. Light, fast and build in ad-blocker. Before i use UC, but even UC have ad-block but their published their own ads and its annoyed
It's fast and stable, but I had issues trying to open videos from YouTube. The error was along the lines of "the browser doesn't support any of the video formats". Stops most ads, but some times popups get through.
A really nice browser. Fully compatible with libero.it (and that is pretty rare). A bit on the slow side, but the adblock is a heavy piece of software, so it's totally reasonable. For suggestion I'd say it need a full screen feature, one where it hide the status bar (and maybe put out a floating button to call the menu) and a night mode (as now the white background it's a killer for the eyes in the night). Otherwise a really nice app. edit: thank you for the fast reply!
Good browser but few suggestions : 1. On home search bar should be at top always without brave icon. 2. A powerful night mode like UC browser. 3. Speed like puffin browser.
Excellent fast mobile browser - without any of the clutter that other Android browsers have, if there was functionality to synchronise with bookmarks with a Google account or Chrome for Android within the settings this application will get 5 stars. Well done to the devs at Brave Software for the work they've done so far.
Was using this daily but now it gets poor results on panopticlick. Adblock browser appears to do better.
Not much to say but this is one of the best browser's i have ever used, thank you.
Not bad, i love Chromium on my Linux computer, this is about the same; plenty of features, UI is of course identical to Chrome (but tad better/more flexible IMHO) Wont make me delete Opera or anything , but a pretty good browser
It's a good browser but I just can't use it without chrome sync. What a shame
Best browser but just add the news feed it sure be a plus point for it and it's not blocking some ads the ads popups in the new tab plz fix it
Best browser for Android... Just tried this out after years of searching for the fastest browser for my phone, and it is just great. It's nearly identical to Chrome (which is a good thing) except that it has an excellent ad-blocker and tracking protection.  For blocking ads on Android prior to this, I used Firefox with uBlock Origin, but this is much faster.
It's really really good no more of those annoying ads really helps in browsing and reading articles without the ads does what it says it literally Google Chrome but with ad blocker a great app
Could you please bring in the import bookmark feature here in the app .That would be helpful and for KitKat and below I wish the app could be moved to phone storage. I know this is because brave is built off chromium and chromium doesn't allow that. I wish that could be modified like how Firefox permits. Thanks :)
Why you remove the home button from bar...it is very useful..pls re add home button....also redesign homepage :)
Very good and very fast browser however there is a big flaw that needs to be resolved: the app does not close unless you move to the running Apps tab to close it manually. Thus is not the case with other browsers I have used, such as Dolphin and Google (click once on the arrow on the right corner and bottom of the display to exit).
Guys Yesterday I installed it and I haven't got any pop up ad untill now
Please add the features like volume,brightness,backward and forwarding gestures while watching videos in online . If you add these features. I am sure your browser is better than any browser in the playstore . Hope you will add these features soon...
This app is really great and the developers did a very good job on this, this browser I preffer because its fast compared to other browsers because of the adblock and other functions of this app .. it can also stream videos online faster than the average browser. This really deserves more than 5 stars.. maybe like 10
Nice app... Please add options to load in the background like waiting tabs..Like loading a link from Twitter  app should not take me out of Twitter but load in the background..dark background theme option should be added so pages can load in a black background and white text ...You get 5 stars if these can be added...Really want to tell my friends about this app.
So far so good! Best android web surfing app with privacy control at the moment!
This is what I wanted in my mobile chromium based browser: adblock support and privacy friendly which brave provides. I wish there was extensions/addons available like Firefox's Android app.
It didn't blocked any ads when I purposely went on the pirate Bay mirror site.
I like this very much but I need a night or accessible dark mode for my vision problems. Forcing me to use something else.
Omg. This is what the Internet was supposed to be! Super fast page loading and so far appears to work on all sites I typically visit. I only wish there was a way to import bookmarks from other browsers. Excellent job on this app!
Great.  Had multiple websites that I had stopped clicking on because the ads were out of control, now I can visit them again.
Went through a few apps like this sewrching for the right on, finally i found this one just download and browse
This browser is basically Chromium with a proper adblock and some powerful security features added on top. Very sleek and high performance. With a way to force full screen and customizable starting page it would be literally perfect for me. Really hope you guys keep working on it and get it there. Thank you!
For my day to day browsing this app works brilliantly. Super fast, super stable, and easy to keep ads out of the way. I use it with Chromer for a fast, consistent browsing system. Highly recommended. Active devs as well.
I dunno if it's just me but after the update the webm player disappears when i play something from 4chan, but my notification is telling me something is playing.
The smoothest, fastest and most user friendly browser for Android! Scripts blocking function also works well. Great app!
Lean, fast, and add-free. My new go-to browser, after Dolphin and Chrome messed up.
I loved the interface of tab listing, the ad blocking , it's cache management. But the little download of this browser is I cant find "save webpage" for offline use
It's great for stopping ads, but sometimes video won't play. And othertimes, pages come out formatted funny...
Good. Would be nice to have a way to clear data on exit unless I'm not seeing the option in setting. Edit: sweet, thanks
In few hours of using it, i already fall in love with the app. Kudos to the developer!
When all tabs are closed the app automatically exits. This is not ok. I frequently close all tabs and shouldn't have to restart the application when doing so. Brave: this is an easy fix.
Browser I've been looking for, don't know how I missed this since I think I've used every possible browser out there.
Fast , up-to-date,Way better and secure than all the China owned data stealing browsers( most of em are China owned ) just what I need . Thank you for this awesome app.
hello main problem is in downloading so work on your cloud based technology   when i tried to open some certain dwnloading pages it showed error so waiting for upde to fix this
In recent updates ads blocker is becoming weaker as ads are being displayed. What is happening?
Ads still show up. On results for duck duck go the first thing that pops up is ads and then results. The manner how this browser blocks ads is not encompassing but instead targeted.
Encountered an error message "DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN" everytime I open a webpage. Any fix for this?
given it's based on chromium Brave is probably the best on the market in terms of stability and multi tabs support, still initial video loading is noticeably slower than Chrome's, (like videos in Facebook) and I'm wondering why isn't the stock translation feature of Chrome included? otherwise this would be my on the go browser.
LOL just a chromium based browser with some additional tweaks that we can get on other browsers as well.People were like oh look a new competitor has come :P i was so excited about it but found nothing special.A little slower than original chrome as well.Armorfly browser has same idea but it is way more features rich and fast.
Not a hundred percent sold on the app. It works well enough but there's no way to import bookmarks (that I know of) and I miss some of the extensions from Firefox and Pale Moon browsers. Good start though.
The best browser on Android. Even better than Firefox and other known browsers. No ads and completely fast.
Going in the right direction. Simple, no-fuss and very chrome like. Well, it's based on chromium. I now use it as chrome replacement. If I may ask, please add Reading Mode which is very useful. Also being able to subscribe to easylist would be great. Update: Apparently there's experimental reader mode. However the look and feel is still lacking compared to Firefox's in-built one.
I don't know what others are saying. I just spent 1 minute on this freaking awesome web broswer and I already feel its the best web browser in the market. Its exactly what I needed. Guys please do not change anything, except the night mode that people have been asking for. I repeat please do not change anything like other crappy developers. You may add features but do not change the UI and the existing features. Thanks a lot. Kudos!
Please please please don't changes a thing. This is hands down the best browser. Disabled chrome and now use this. There's no stupid home screen with a bunch of junk people don't want or need. There's no stupid ads at every click. It's the best, as long as like most browsers they don't change it and make it worse.
Good browser overall, simple UI, fast with adblocker but No syncing with desktop browser is still a main reason that I cannot use this as my main browser.
Good browser
Best browser
Best browser.
Gud
Most people wish stock Chrome would just allow ad blocking. This is basically that. Well done. Simple UI, fast, great.
If i go to mixcloud and play something (in incognito at least) then  switch tabs or go to background, the sound pauses
Huge improvement over Firefox / Opera - great performance, perfect fit & finish - just like Chrome minus Taboola, Outbrain & AdWords. What's with asking to access my accounts though?
You Have To Improve Some Features  Like Sometimes My Smartphone Vibrat and Saying You Have some virus etc etc And This is The Things Where i download all browsers for not for only That issue.. I Don't Want to uninstall this for only that's reason so please improve as soon as you possible
Brave is brave
The Best💪
Great, speedy browser, and the best way to utilize an ad-blocker on a non-rooted device. My only criticism is the lack of a dark theme.
You mentioned  Brave aims to transform the online ad ecosystem with micropayments and a new revenue-sharing solution to give users and publishers a better deal, where fast, safe browsing is the path to a brighter future for the open web.  There is no known mechanism to have revenue sharing for users here.
It's fast
awsome experience
Best browser for Android. It's fast, has an Ad blocker built into it, plus it protects my device from malware and 3rd party tracking.   Due to these features, bandwidth is saved and makes browsing enjoyable.  The only features that need adding to the browser are syncing between desktop and mobile versions and a way to easily add extensions without going through Github.  Apart from that, it's a fine browser that'll get better with age.
Well done.
I see no better features on this than the other browsers out there. I only installed it since it was the same people who made the brilliant "Link Bubble", but now they have dropped "Link Bubble" in favour of only working on this average browser. So I see no point in supporting it by keeping it installed. BTW, Flynx is a fairly OK alternative to Link Bubble for when it disappears from Play store.
It's just awesome with the simplicity of chrome the only thing there is  need to be add is a download manager with pause and resume support, that's would be highly appreciated
Wrost app All thing is good but there is no option to set download path .All files are download in internal  storage and thise app 36 mb app .What a wrost software designing .
Very nice browser...
I just love it. Because it completely block pop ups which annoyed me very much. I have used many browsers but it's the best I had ever. Other browsers ad blocking feature  don't work as they say. ★★★★★★★★★★ 10 star.
I couldn't believe how fast this browser is. I always thought that Chrome was the fastest, but that's not the case. Keep up the good work!
What to say about that one: Brave has good privacy features but it is basically Chromium. And Chromium is a really terrible engine compared with Gecko of Firefox.  Privacy features get full points, customization and being unique 2 stars and for the engine one star, so more of a miss than a hit, sorry to say that. But still WAYS better than plain and simple Chrome or other Chromium based browsers  and still better as what Mozilla is planning to deliver with version 57 of Firefox!
Simply brilliant
I really love this browser but for some ungodly reason it kept freezing my device. I'm on Nougat and maybe its an issue with the newest version of android but I'm miffed! Fix it please!!!  Edit: 3/24/17  All fixed with the latest update. Thank you!!!!! &lt;3
Looks and feels like Google Chrome since its based on Chromium. Have not seen any ads since I started using it. Developer keeps it up to date on a regular basis. This is my favorite and default Android Browser.
What did you do?! I used to be able to visit a website I subscribe to, start playing a media file from their site, and turn my screen off while still listening. This last update I can no longer do this?!?! A real deal breaker for me, I don't want to have to leave my screen on to play media content in Brave (and no, not talking g about YouTube). Please fix this.
Nice
Ok
Nice App
Best ad blocker
Ok
Okay I don't usually leave reviews for apps. But this one deserves it. Not only do my web pages load faster, they use much less data and it has an easy toggle mode for when websites don't like the adblock. Please, don't sell out to some company guys, develop this app into something even better! Not that I can think of any way to improve it. It's that good!
Save
Best browser for Android. Really quick and ad blocker is great.
Great browser, fast and private. Good job.
Good browser to avoid ads! I hope in time it will be the same!
best browser ever
Baak was apk
Brave totally awesome
Basically chrome with adblock
Super fast! This is what internet browsing should be! Thank you!
Chrome with no ads. Exactly what I needed.
I love it so much!
Just started
Feature request: clear cache when exciting.
Tried many browsers but this is just the best.
It's definitely better than google chrome
Excellent app with cool options
Nothing.
Chrome 2
Need improve
Ad block is fantastic
Loading pages super fast
Bogus app
Very well
This app is very usefull than ad blocker : )
This is something I was looking for..
Awesome idea, especially with the chrome icon 😂😂 makes you feel at home
Awesome perfect replacement for Chrome minus ads
Wow.
no sync!
I am tell one think i love you
Damn it's fast..😮
Waste...
Replaced chrome with this
No sign in? Bye Felicia. Uninstalled :)
Awsome browser its simply superb
Plz make it light weight.
Excellent adblocker and pop up blocker.
Some sites videos not working  It shows white screen
Seems faster than chrome.
No ads
Best ad blocker
This is great browser
best browser but i need synce with  chrome browser
This is very fast browser and ad blocker download this app it is very excellent browser
Best browser
Best browser on Android!
Best browser on play store
Good response
Lovd this app,  best for downloing
Nice
Great on mobile
Sweet 😇🤗😇
Tried too much browsers but this one is definitely an alternative to Chrome... But one question: Do "Brave" need protection from MobileSecurity apps or it has it's own? Because the antivirus app in my case don't cover it....
It's An great app To use For Surf
This app is the best add remover app in the world
Its great!
Takes a lot of RAM. Please reduce the It's size. Otherwise it is good
Highly underrated browser. My favourite adblock and all round browser.
Very good, fastest and safest browser
Chrome with a fully functional content blocker.  Love it!
Where is the link bubble feature?
Awesome app but like wise chrome
Chrome with ad blocker,is like best combination
Works great. Based on chromium, so it runs great on Android and blocks ads.
Best, fast browser. Blocks ads well.
It's not working
GRATE BROWSER BUT ONLY ADD NIGHT MOD OR BLACK & WHITE THEME .......... PLZ.....
Love it
Still get ads
Nice app
*This* is the best way to view the web. Period.
This is the browser to use.
No.1 Browser
Sync not working
Love this browser it just feels faster than Chrome and it is great having a built in adblocker.
Fast and efficient browser
Better than Chrome
how is it private if using chrome though?
I love this browser
So far so good 👍 love the extra protection and is fast!
Just perfect..
Best browser for both android and pc ! Better then tha lagging master chrome !
Great inbuilt ad-blocker, only issue is no sync features for desktop browser amd mobile browser.
Best browser I've used. I've uninstalled chrome and this is my only and default browser now. Very good and stable. And how do I sync bookmarks?
That's how a good web browser should look like. Love the brave shield. A night theme will be good for surfing in the night. Above all, good browser
Not much to say but this is one of the best browser's i have ever used, thank you.
Good fast browser with a nice user interface and some built-in privacy protections. Currently my preferred browser on Android. It's good on other platforms too!
Very good browser, especially for privacy and security,  should find a plugin to save pages for offline and as PDF.
It's a good browser but somehow it's not fully compatible with OnePlus 3 and t
Best browser so far, however, it either doesn't support html5 videos, or I can't figure out how to get them to play in this browser. Any suggestions?
Copy of chrome. Bleh!
Last update make the browser display some ads, the previous version never displaying ads. I should never update it.
Another blocker that only allows downloading.....piece of CRAP!
Basically Chrome with ad blocking
Perfect if it supports google translate just like chrome does
Newer  version is well optimised and works good! Thanks for the update!
Like using Google Chrome with some extra features.
They don't have clear history option... like free adbloker browser... other wise they was aws....
Good and fast But please add night mode
Sync is not available in mobile browsr and windows brave browser
The browser appears "unknown error" and I can't start the browser
This is my daily browser and has been for some time. Sleek, elegant and smooth. I recommend to my friends to use this.
I really like this browser its fast and simple too use use and with no crashed I give it two thumbs up☺
Like it a lot, but wish it had data saver options. It's a lot faster than the other ad block browsers.
Previous review: favorite browser, super fast.  Updated: when I login with my Google or Facebook account on a site it doesn't register and reloads the login page.
Pages gets error randomly.
Very good, the only thing I miss from Chrome is syncing/backing up bookmarks between devices.
It is a worst app. I hate it. you are Don't download it
Very good browser. Fast and stable. It would be great if there was a read mode. Still, highly recommended.
Fabulous! It has the same chrome look, however it feels much lighter chrome. It also loads the webpages faster than chrome. Love the adblock feature as well! Overall a wonderful experience.
Velvety smooth browsing and it's a true zero-ad browser. Tested on an ad CM & chrome couldn't block. High marks.
Very good app.. love the inbuilt adblocker helps alot ... Have replaced chrome & every other browser
Great multi platform browser packed with privacy and anti-tracking tweaks.  Thanks the developers.  Keep up the good job
What Brave really, really needs is a speed dial on the start page and text wrap would also be a cool addition!
This browser is comparatively much faster than others.. It is good overall but the homepage should be made different from chrome..
Hit and miss settings, ads and more ads. Secure? ... don't believe so.
Fails to block fake content from Taboola and other such sites.
Pretty good, I would replace my default - Chrome - with Brave if it could import passwords, history, bookmarks and other stuff from Chrome..
Feels like smoother and faster than Chrome. Once inside the app it totally feels and look like Chrome. Everything Chrome does with extra security and ad blocking is to be appreciated
The app are not doing what it saying.it doesn't off seeing ad.
Nice initiative. Previously used to install many extensions for privacy. But after Brave no worries. Installed Brave in all my devices.
Fastest most secure browser I've ever used. Not even close. 👍👊
Fast, efficient and very effective at blocking ads. Would highly recommend!
Excellent Faster with so many featured that the user can customize in its want with no ads!
Best browser quick loading and fast experience.  The best  browser I have seen .
Great browser but really needs to implement the ability to block webrtc for safer browsing...
This app is awesome bcuz this is free of adds
Need bookmarks import option...
Cannot play some youtube videos
Ap is good but donloading is very slow
When i dounload spmthing i cant open it pls fix
Nice app. Best of both worlds, stability of Chrome, yet awesome features from Ad blocking...
Tell me how to sync my bookmarks
Speed, flexability, and looks of chrome, no tracking. Only browser on my phone
best ad block browser. looks just like chrome (based on chrome).
looks like chrome. very nice tho. many thanks. no HTML5 for playing video.
Very good browser. Fast and stable. It would be great if there was a read mode. Still, highly recommended.
Blocks the ads wich makes it a really fast tablet browser. Goodbye google chrome.
I wanna sync bookmarks with PC.
Please add tap and hold on video to download feature.
Soapcalc flashing ads are not blocked. Their is no option to report ads?
I use this software in Android to block ads and preserve privacy it's fantastic
Can't change the storage location
won't launch on nougat based rom ressurrection remix 5.8.2
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE WONDERFUL EXCELLENT HARD WORK.
Google translate not working even though its already ON at the setting
Awesome idea, especially with the chrome icon 😂😂 makes you feel at home
Can u add night viewing w black background?
No Bookmark Sync between Phone and Desktop
A much better more stable less Ads version of Chrome, enough said.
Seems ok, can't believe I can't import bookmarks from other browsers!
أفضل متصفح ، يستاهل 5 نجوم .
Https everywhere works great! And its exactly as intuitive as other great browsers
Bad downloading system
Based on chromium is like having chrome browser with ad blocking! Great
Looks jus like chrome
It doesn't block ads
Fastest Android browser out there plus all the built in security features makes this a no brainer.
No import bookmarks option
Brave hangs a lot when I play videos on reddit
After update I can't open my downloads through the application
Sexy browser I've ever seen.. Till now I'm using different browsers which are useless.. This one I found very nice and efficient in preventing unnecessary things.. And it is very fast than other browser.. Keep going and improving.. And thank you..
It's the best browser I have ever used. Its better than chrome & Mozilla Firefox. The only feature missing is download manager.
Brave was my go-to browser on iOS. Now that I've made the switch to Android, I wanted to continue fast, safe , secure browsing. Unfortunately, of the key features, https everywhere, doesn't seem to be functioning properly. One hopes that this issue is corrected soon in a future update.
I could never use a browser other than Chrome on Android because none of them worked as well. Brave keeps the performance of the Chromium engine and adds an integrated adblock, which Chrome lacks, and now this is the best Android browser.
Truly an amazing browser. I was skeptical until I tried it, and I'm not disappointed.   Way faster than Chrome and Firefox, even on slow networks.
I want to say thanks for the founder of this great browser. I finally got rid of Adchoices ! It was impossible to get rid of it from chrome , IE, Firefox, even factory reset my phone and still got the AdChoice until I found Brave. Now I'm happy. Thank you!
Best browser ever in my opinion if you guys want chrome just install this as this browser is based upon chromium and if you want ad block+duck duck go+chrome then this is go to
I replaced my regular browser with Brave as the default! It's just awesome. Performs great, kills all annoying ads, involuntary redirects and pop ups. Just what I was looking for. Full marks!
Nice App!! Copy Of Chrome With Few New Features... Adblock Works Ok..Not Too Bad Not Too Great...  Some Ads Are Not Blocked At All... While Some Are Blocked Perfectly...
The browser is okay in its features. Blocks ads reliably, but doesn't give an option to download videos or gif-files. On various sites, it doesn't even play embedded videos cause of an "unknown playback error". Thus sadly it can't replace my everyday browser.
What happened to the download feature with the new update? This was one of the most useful features of the app. Please bring it back so I can again highly rate this app again. Quick response to my note w/ instructions to fix problem. Download button restored. This is now one of the best browsers I've used - very quick loading without the advertising bloat.
No more annoying pop ups. I am in love with this Browser :)
I am upgrading my rating, as Brave has implemented the quick links on the home screen correctly.  I appreciate that.  So, I am back using it now.  I look forward to upcoming updates.
Is not bad, but it keeps remember the last page. Can you make it to clean everything on exit by default please?
All the goodness of Chrome but with significantly enhanced privacy. Only thing missing, IMO, is to clear cookies on browser exit.
Just make it your default broswer.. Thank me later bro!
I'm suspicious of Brave, because it is based on Chromium, and it says this nowhere. In combination with its ad-friendly algorithm, the idea that this might be a project of compromise from Google is not far off.
Not able to watch YouTube videos. Says "Your browser doesn't currently recognize any of the  video formats available." Please fix soon. Otherwise its good
I've tried around 5 alternative browsers over the last 2 weeks and brave is definitely my favourite. The only problem for me is that I can't use roboform with brave which is a big issue for me. Also I'd love to be able to import Firefox and Chrome bookmarks. Also I can't see a download manager or maybe I'm missing it? Really great browser though, nice and clean, can't wait to see what you have planned for the future.. #byebyechrome
Break-Free from browsers that Track you, Save & Sell your Browsing info, & Censor your Searching! Brave is Terrific.. & DuckDuckGo 4 Searching!
Hate what you've done to Google News! Bring back the down arrows!  Love everything about Brave except lack of Flash handling.
Nice browser. Ad blocking feature is very nice. But i'm facing the problem with "add to homescreen" option. It's not working for me. Earlier i've added some of the sites to my homescreen(will be successful after several iterations) but this time when i'm trying to add "footballwhispers. Com" it is not working.. Probably I've tried for more than 30times but not sure where it went wrong.   Pls help
I wholeheartedly loved this application... except in one case... Not only me but everyone would like to check their download status but we can't check out download status or even we can't stop or pause it... Otherwise this is the best best app... I would like to give 5 stars but I want you to get aware of this problem... I don't hope that you are gonna fix it unless all the users complain about it please let us check out our download status like UC browser do...
I switched from Firefox because it was freezing and blocking GIFs and would experience lock up. Brave works great! Very lite on system resources.
Lovin' this new browser! Perfect for online articles without all the web junk in the way. Started to use Brave desktop browser on Linux too.
Very good alternative browser for a regular chrome user but it lacks one major feature : IT DOES NOT HAVE SYNC SUPPORT FOR BOOKMARKS.
In general this browser is excellent but has minor bugs (for ex. Twiter photos on some websites don't show when adblocker is on but when turned off they do and sandboxed process drain battery) please fix this issue.
On desktop it completes with chrome running AdBlock. On Android it truly is the best. I can watch videos without annoying ads and the mobile pop-unders are no longer a problem.
perfect for the most part, however ad blocking seems to be inferior to ublock origin as i see ads every now and then (mainly on youtube). Is this intentional?
DOESN'T WORK WITH VPN  LEAKS WEBRTC
Chrome with a fully functional content blocker.  Love it!
The only thing I want is for the Google smart lock API to be interested into it. That would make this app perfect.
My default browser now. The only thing I miss is a night mode
The headlines fonts are HUGE on a website page, but the text (body) font is too tiny to be easily read by someone such as myself that is visually impaired.      The two font sizes need to be balanced so that they are more equal.
Decent enough.
First looks like a nice browser but on one of my favourite websites I need to choose for Mobile friendly all of sudden every time entering, annoying. Galaxy S7  SM-G930F 6.0.1
Improve Ad Blocker (More powerful pop-up blocker). Introduce download manager like opera mini. Downloader sucks in this browser.. Rest all great
Its not a different browser. It uses google chrome browser internally.
Comes in handy for taming those data hungry ads. I don't mind occasionally viewing ads but do have a problem with those ads that slow down my internet journeys, gobble up my data and make cruising the internet painful. I've only been using the Brave browser a few weeks but have enjoyed its assistance in making my web surfing a little more pleasurable. Thanks!
A lot quicker than other browsers as it doesn't load Ads. Please add Chrome Sync (bookmarks etc.) And I can say goodbye to Chrome for good.
Best Browser App
This is basically chrome with adblock. I've used Dolphin for the past 6 years or so for its adblock and flash support but it's quite slow and doesn't support background playback or web notifications which is sad. If this one supported flash I'd give up on Dolphin for good. Great browser otherwise
Best browser fastest smoother experience .....
Perfect app thank you
Only way to browse in mobile these days is with an ad blocker. Just by using it Brave will seamlessly improve your browsing experience.
Fine and fast browser I wish I could select the trackers and adds we can block, like Ghostery. Navigation by swapping pages could be also great. It's a fast browser, worth to try Thanks
Thank you! I was getting numerous browser redirects to comumx.site with chrome I tried everything nothing worked since I started using brave I haven't had a problem.  Great browser.
Best browser
I love Brave on the PC, but as it doesn't have text reflow and the double-tap to zoom found in the accessibility settings doesn't work, I can't use it.  :(
Chrome fork with built in privacy stuff. Plus supports publishers whose ads are blocked. Very pleased with it.
Fastest and safest browser on Android from JavaScript father
Just awesome, blocks all intrusive ads
Best things  he block all ads
Crash on launch Every time.. unable to use
Disappointing, Popups are still alive in this app!
Keeps asking for permission to Google account, I deny, but keeps asking.  I don't not wish to grant permission!  Totally lame :-(
Dawnlod  file not fund
best of chrome without the worst of it.
Like Chrome with Ad + Tracker Blocking. Shame it doesn't support the torrent streaming feature the desktop has, but it's excellent nonetheless
Great idea.  Works well since update.
Excellent and fantastic work. I have tried various browsers, finally settled with Brave for it simplicity and adfree function
Download button missing in options menu & we want to customize speed dail      So plz add that!
Chrome Ripoff + AdBlock
Best browser.only 2 things needed and thats all 1 please provide option to resume download 2 download gets paused while exiting it should not get paused.there should be an option like ucweb.hope it will get updated.
LinkedIn and a variety of sites freezes
On going downloads where we can see if we need to pause
Good
Great
How to sync my history with my Gmail account
I was excited when I heard about this browser. I used it for about 2 weeks and encountered a number of bugs. Screen freezes, slow page loading. (update) it has gotten smoother, occasional freezes that require closing browser tab.
Love this browser. It's way better than any other out there.
Hey Google, why ask me questions to which I don't have the answers?  As for this browser, it is a better version of Chrome, at least on my phone.
Best in the world
Nice
Best
can you help. when Im on gaming or browsing. the ads always pop up on my whole screen. :(
Yes i'lovin it
Really awesome if someone is not using Firefox far better than chrome.
Fast search
Nearly perfect. It is pretty much Chrome with adblock, and it is pretty fast as Chrome usually is. I wish it would support Samsung split screen and it carries over the Chrome behavior of not allowing download managers to intercept downloads.
by far the best browser in play store.
Good one
Fast and looks like chrome! Blocks ads perfectly!
Great browser but it doesn't have an option to sync to google account
It's wonderful
this  is  real browser  no(AD)
Great alternative browser! So great it might become my primary!
A very good replacement for firefox and chrome
Not work my lenovo vibe k5 plus....
So fast. Damn.
Ok
Would be perfect if it had a round icon!
Good but add a home button pls
Fast and stable with excellent privacy settings.
Where I can see downloading files
Tish browser is very fantastic
where is download manager
Just awsm
Really its Working Fast then oter browsing Aap
Total waste
I love it especially due to privacy settings
This is one of the best browsers for Android so far...
Brave enough 😋😎😍.. !!
Great!
Best app keep it up
Owessu.m... Ad blocker.. And speedy....
Best in the world
the Supppbb app I hv seen Thanks  brave browser
Brave rocks!
Best android ad blocker
Isn't there full screen available. 😱.?
Read mode is needed then it would be perfect and where is download option gone???
Super super excellent
Use less
Need night mood
brave u are very brave ...!!
Very fast so far
Goo app
This browser is better than uc browser..😍😍😍
I love it. :)
It is the best browser ever. Minimalist design. Good security. Unlike UC it doesn't have unnecessary add-ons. It is simple and serves the purpose. Best browser ever.
Nice feature packed browser with adblock, increase text size and other useful features
So far, this is the best browser in blocking ads, but what it is lacking is a syncing function to Google
This is almost the best browser if it didn't lack Android N shortcuts; i really need that feature -.-
Great job! Stable and just works!
Cannot play videos
App crashes instantly after launch, after the last update, up until today everything was perfect
Runs well and functionaly seems identical to chrome only safer and with adblocking.
Missing the basics  need the ability to import bookmarks from other browsers and didn't block  all adds for me uninstalling for now
Until Brave sync is finished, is there a way you could implement Google sync, through Drive or something?
Brave is the best. Once you go Brave you never go back.
Those who hates adds pls install it
Fake Spi app
Few bugs with ad blocker.
Why is Brave requesting permission for my Google account after a device restart?
this  is  real browser  no(AD)
Its a great app fast n nothing more can except than this
Closest thing to having an adblocker for chrome.
Plz add download satings.
The best copared to FF, chrome, opera, dolphin, ucbrowser and many others i tested.
Always freeze on nougat
DOESN'T WORK WITH VPN  LEAKS WEBRTC
Very good app it is very much like chrome but blocks the ads
Just what i what... Browsed sites without pop ups after long time
Does not open all videos
Can you add bookmarks to homescreen?
It would be nice if there was a home button. It would make things more convenient.
I just got started with it I know it can use chrome apps !
please make a widget for this like a search tab inorder for easy searching. thank you!!!
Abandoned Link bubble...
Privacy browser wants access to my Google account... No thanks.
How can I remove individual cookies here and on my Windows laptop? Also can u put the drop down arrow on the laptop version?
I tried to open a video which Chrome opened in seconds. Brave never did it
This is by far my favorite browser on any platform, and it will only get infinitely better with time.
Poor, come back to Google Chrome
No text reflow.   Without text reflow browsing on a phone doesn't work well. Uninstalled.
All is good but lion icon on top is too large make it small and also impart that lion good looks.
It is not supporting flash player please solve this and except this superb.
Every second day it's showing ads just like any other browser. What's the use then?
Integrates with different apps really well ! Would be awesome if it had a default Incognito mode .
Be Like Brave! Brave blocks add! Brave is smooth! Brave comes with clean interface! Brave is one of the best Android browser out there! Be like Brave! Very Useful app! Thanks
Very fast!! browser based on Chromium with so far no ads. Excellent work!!
This is what a secure mobile browser should be like - quick, simple and logical.
It's an excellent browser i never come across like this browser...  One request is from my side.. Add tabs and settings at bottom... Which is easy on big screen mobiles.
It is a great browser. Keep up the good work guys and it will pay off.
One of the best browser. Can u add speed dial..and when close the single tab app also closes.make it a new tab without close the tab.
When online listen music mobile screen off music also stop fix it, ether wise good browser so I uninstall it
Bookmarks & passwordz etc not syncing like Chrome Canary....plz improve... otherwise best browser
Great browser which already has features that i usually have to install plugins for.
Great fast browser with ad blocker built of chromium. Don't see any issues or downside
This browser claims fake that it block additional pop up or new tab opening, while downloading torrent files this app doesnt block ad
Excellent replace for Adblock browser.
please attach the setting for custom download setting to save downloaded file at any location of  mobile storage space..........
I got only one problem how to change storage location
I appreciate the developers it's best browsing app I have ever seen 1GB movie downloaded in 15 min(3G) love you guy's
We can't resume downloading, and it is do not shows downloading speed. Opera mini is better than this app, so I am going to uninstall this app
please add dark mode
This is the best Chromium browser I've tried.
Pretty good, but not one handed friendly. But yeah it's good as a daily browser
A better Chrome. Better than original Google Chrome. But I have some issue with translating pages. Does this browser supporting automatic translate pages? Because it was available in browser settings..
Amazing!! It works better than Chrome and has built in Adocking and HTTPS Everywhere.
Awesome browser. Faster than vanilla chrome, and no ads. Clickbate  can no longer take over your phone.
Fast, secure, easy to use. Only thing missing is bookmark sync with Google, which should be optional. Apart from that, perfect.
How to remove ads
Wrost app All thing is good but there is no option to set download path .All files are download in internal  storage and thise app 36 mb app .What a wrost software designing .
Fantastic app, just like chrome but has automatic adblock!
the last update just crashes everytime!
Where is the link bubble feature?
Ad blocker features is good,but some videos are unable to play in YouTube.
Needs an option for clearing browsing data / history when exiting, or starting incognito as default. Otherwise excellent.
I thing it's really good 5 🌟 app really
Google chromium with an adblock. Simply awesome browsing experience. But i highly recommend to add google or your own syncing facility.
If it supported immersive mode I would like it a lot more.
Works just like it should.
Not good for blocking ad. And user interface is quite similar to chrome
Very good.. I find it very responsive and an absolute pleasure to use. Brave offers a very clean and sharp user experience.
I hve previously never commented on an app but this needs it. Its a best browsing app according to me.... so fast for browsing.... loved it
Brilliant app! It's so great it would be worth paying for, and I don't buy paid for apps as a rule. To my delight, I don't need to!
Faster than most, wish it was more customizable like themes and the ability to have buttons on a bottom panel.
Great GChrome clone with build-in privacy add-ons! This is what I was looking for 😀 Best browser
Lord Cheesus Almighty this is the best mobile browser every! I have tried so many, looking for one that blocked ads and had a UI as good as Google Chrome but nothing delivered until now. This crap is literally Google Chrome but with ad-blocking. DOWNLOAD IT!
Great browser app. Clean interface and blocks ads great!
Great browser
Best browser for mobile and pc.
A fantastic browser combining the power of Chromium, the great UI of Chrome and a great adblocker.
Short of some feature but really fast and easy to use, plus: best adblock which is integrated.
This is amazing! Finally a fast usable Chrome browser. Chrome browser without all the crap.
my new default browser with amazing adblocking. I just wish for bookmark synchronization from desktop Chrome. Also a dark mode and full screen mode. Additionally a quick toggle to enable / disable adblocking as sometimes videos and sites detected adblocking and behave in an adverse manner
Switched to this app after realizing that UC Browser is able to steal some data from my phone. Now using Brave for Facebook. I just wish there's a jump-to-top option when scrolling down large websites.
Not bad
Been using Atlas and YuBrowser over Brave. Brave needs a few more setting to make it truly useful -- I need to be able to block images, JS, cookies, etc for each site -- you can't block images currently (the more fine grained individual site settings the better, e.g. full-screen) .... not just the ads. And Chrome being the least battery friendly browser on Android is a kneecapper.
Pls add Night/black mode, picture free mode, data save mode , then it will be perfect
I have an app that catches spy like behavior of other aps. I loved how Brave works across the board BUT IT MAKES RECORDINGS WHEN THE APP IS CLOSED!  First time I thought it was an error, but no, next day it did it again! BYE!
A stable browser with built-in ad blocking services. Works without root and Chrome users will be satisfied.
Please add homepage change feature.
Awesome browser.
Awesome custom chrome I like it
Does not load any websites
Chrome with ad protection = win!
Slow video buffering on facebook...can u fix that please :))
In the Terms of Use they refer to Crashlytics which in a separate linked terms of use admit collecting data for Twitter... By which it is fully owned... all data... Dirty as everyone else
Awesome browser! The battery optimization seems really good conpared to UC and Chrome. I felt a bit of a lag sometimes but still it's great! Speed is good too.
Same problem with Chrome. "close all incognito tabs"
Very fluid browser with adblock. Seems to be less of a memory hog than Chrome and Firefox
Awesome, gets rid of the irritating ads
Recently I lost the ability to play embedded videos and dont know why.  Update: some websites dont respond in this browser.
Extremely fast.  Loads pictures at  very unbelievable fast speed.  You must activate block scripts on the menu brave site shield.
A big problem noticed today. Your browser doesn't currently recognise any of the video formats available.
I've had android phones since day one with the first OS release..... I've used many browsers and for the last 3 years I've used firefox....ive never worked out why it took so long to open pages even with super phone and tweaks.  Chrome is riddled with ads so searching for better I found this!  You've changed my life?! This browser is instant,  I can't understand why the other browsers aren't like this.  No ads,  no bugs just instant loading!! I couldn't be happier. I want to work for you guys! Wow!
I love it ... so far so good in everything,easy to use and please keep better in the days to come. I've been using common browser but not better than this and what I want is let this app battery consuming less. You deserve to get *****Thank You
Jabardast
Pretty good!
don't downloads this apps fake
It's chrome but with ad blocking and tracking protection. The only missing feature is synchronization but I heard that's coming soon.
Great job guys, i have switched all my devices to brave browser and I have to say I love it! Crazy fast, super stable, open source. Keep up the good work!
Enable long screenshot in this app
Works great.  The app developer responded to my review so changed my review regarding tab opening.
While we download a video it's not downloading, it's just playing can't download
Thank you soo much ...it has actually solved every issue.
All bugs fixed. Works well.
Excellent browser Helpful for remove ads
Great! Ad-free browsing. No problems displaying any content. Quick. App is powerful and lightweight.
Smart adblocker Its a good browser for today
Annoying When you scroll up it reloads the page.
This is amazing. Great work integrating an ad locker with a good chromium wrapper. Even better is that it can be used as an embedded browser for things like Sync for Reddit.
Good browser but Constantly wants me to sign in using my google account. Not gonna happen. Uninstalled.
Nah, the security options seem cool, but that's why I have antivirus Not feeling it, the speed you claim is just false in my experience, I'm on 4G rn to test, I get anywhere between 2 to 7MB/S depending, yet it's not exactly the fastest, apparently it saves data, yet I can't find any data saving options, could do with some, like changing image quality etc etc, I'll stick with Opera Mini (and their damn "new tab opened" retard pop ups....) is markedly faster :c and epic data compression (their only real pro right about now) :/
Small problem The only problem is that when you open a  we tab and go anywhere with that tab everything else slows down. So bra is a one tab game.
Chrome with an adblocker Simply chrome with an adblocker. Works really well and is super fast.
Don't work on 7.1.1 I installed on nexus 6p with 7.1.1 beta and it did not work,please have a check
Where to find the file to resume the download of a big file if it is paused.
Speeds Up My World Echo all the positive feedback. Cool runnings.
Asking permission after reboot It is my default browser. The adblock works. The problem is everytime I reboot my phone, it keeps asking for permission to access my gmail accounts, which is really annoying.             Fixing this issue and addition of the new Nougat app shortcuts would make this app 5 star.
Somebody help How do i get paid when using this browser
GREAT BROWSER This is a very nice, fast and good ad blocking browser.  I would certainly recommend over all others.  Good job Dev, keep up the good work
No Ads! Great app :)
Best browser Great to be able to easily block ads on mobile devices...
Honor 5x crashing all the time when I try to open the app
Great Good on old LG
Failed on startup So installed it but it is not working. Failed on startup with unexpected error on Galaxy Note 4 with MIUI OS.
On my s7 edge Working great and fast
Best browser Osm Experience...No issue Good than chrome
Ad block browser done right. No need to root. No ads. Based on android chrome browser.
Force closes on x86 on zenfone 2 64/4 marshmallow  right after updates was fine for months now can't use
Works Good Great App with block inbuilt
Good when it works Some sites that work perfectly on chrome display as blank page with "not found"
Does what it says - I also started using the Windows desktop app and am liking it
Crash It crashed a lot
Bookmark system Please allow me to integrate bookmarks from other browser into brave browser =D
best ad blocking feature ever saw
adblock works Works great now. It's fantastic way to browse safely!
the best Works well
I can't use it on my phone but I can in my mom's phone
Few weeks been using this because its totally fast and awesome compare to other browsers. I uninstalled chrome browser because of this but now kinda bit have problem everytime I used it it automatically close 😑 I already tried clear data and clear cache and uninstall and te install again. Its just the same. I just have less apps have a big free space memory. Idk what happen please kinda fix this.
Title Description
Was nice but now useless Was working great. But even though there has been no update it suddenly started crashing whenever you try to visit a website. Adblocking can lead to instability as advertisers fight against it but right now it's useless as a browser.
It's closing  automatically in Redmi 2 After install on my device I opened the app but it is closing automatically why I don't know
How secure is my data? How do I know you won't steal my data? Edit: I saw it and read reviews on reddit. This is my new browser now :)
Awesome Is there a desktop version of this app? Would be great idea 💙 thanks 💙
Good, but... 4 stars until you make it like Fitefox, wher I can listen to Youtube in the background.
Amazing browser
Best browser
Great browser
Fantastic! This browser seems to be really great, nearly identical to Chrome, which I love! The only thing preventing me from making Brave my main browser is not being able to sign in to Brave like Chrome allows you to do. Giving me my bookmarks and history from Chrome. Not sure if this is possible, but it would be great!
good but no option to download videos like uc browser and amaze browser. it just become a normal browser without feature like that.
Easy move from chrome Brave is a great chromium browser. A very effortless move from chrome. The main reason I started using Brave was for the ad blocking and it works great. Google login and sync would be a nice convenience, but the lack of it isn't a deal breaker.
Custom tabs not working
you tube channal    r.m.j production dekhiye meri funny horror movie (laal dora)aur ha like aur subcribe karna mat bhuliye plz
Great, but one more thing If possible, please add option in settings to sign in Google account so I can sync bookmarks etc...
Thanks for the best adblocker browser.....☺☺☺☺☺☺
Solve the permission requested thing after evry boot. It's very annoying! Every time the device boots up, this browser asks for access to my google accounts. Despite of several denials and ignorances to the notifications, it keeps happening every time. Please solve it! I am not gonna give a relatively less known application access to my google accounts until it's absolutely necessary.
Awesome
I prefer tigers.
The best
Superb! If you use Chrome with Ad block and Ghostery extensions but you're fed up with Google's intrusiveness, Brave is the browser for you.
😘😘 powerful add blocker... 😘😘😘😘
Super
Awesome custom chrome I like it
Best adblocker browser
Solid browser!!!
Best browser in playstore
But now it crashes just after opening it, I can't even close any open tab. EDIT without internet I could close some tabs, but it started crashing again
Very good
Fast, Add blocker with Privacy built in!
Top rated browser. As on date  and this moment this is the best out beating Crome, Firefox etc. Deserve more star, not five only.  Unbeatable quality. I love it.
Excellent
Bretty good
Still, after 6 months since my first review, this browser doesn't have synching possibility. Devs keep on saying it's coming soon, but like I said, it's been 6 months now, and still it hasn't happened. Therefore from 5 to 3 stars, my rating has dropped
Very okay, speed excellent, fast opening awesome. I want to comment on this brave browser, I have installed and tested and convinced perfectly working smoothly without doubt. Pls try it, you will be convince as well. I rate the App 5stsrs.  Thanks guys.
Fast
Looks good Good work. Just that many times I am experiencing a lag on scrolling is one issue that can be fixed for better UX.
Great Chromium browser Gets better all the time. I use it as my main browser now that the latest update improved performance and eliminated slow-downs and bugs for me (especially when opening and cycling through multiple tabs). Interface is good. PLEASE move the Brave menu icon on the LEFT of the address bar for symmetry, it would really polish off the nice look.
Great web browser with ad-blocking, privacy, and security protection
Great
Bad update After the latest update some site redirect to ads. I try with chrome and other apps that site working fine...  Please repair the bugs
It's great app for chrome users
Good experience Blocks ads. Feels like chrome. Gets out of my way. Not slow. All good things.
Stop sites from opening links automatically Facebook mobile chat webpage keeps spawning Google Play Store, pushing their messenger app. Please help stop their annoying ways.
You should have a download page where you  have the list of currently downloading items, download speed etc. I cannot cancel downloads. The browser will be even better if this feature is added.
For free.Its prefect!
Best Browser on the play store! I've tried many browsers on the play store.This one is one of the best so far! It's faster and more stable than Chrome,blocks pop-up ads.
Best browser for my tablet
Good browser, but some time it dosent block ads
Best browser
Fast, ad quantity greatly reduced Blocks ads in pages, even ads in videos that play before the video you want to watch. Also helps stop ad companies from tracking your browsing behavior and targeting you.
Awesome Does the Job
Only browser I use now Effective pop up blocking and additional browser security features.  Easy to enable/disable/configure on a site by site basis.  No crashes no problems.  So long Chrome, Opera and Firefox.
This is what I've been trying to create for myself This is basically the latest version of Chrome, with the HTTPS everywhere and adblock extensions. Tried using Firefox this way for a while but it's just too slow. This is as fast as Chrome with very effective ad blocking. I hope their shared revenue scheme works for everyone cause this is great.
Now working on all my devices, especially my Samsung tab3 Latest now starts without crashing.  Will give it a workout to see how it compares to chrome.
Nice App + Simple layout 4 usage! I've only had this app like 30 mins so I'm still steady learning + figuring out the details and give it my own Quirks! LOL
Feature request Please, add some "night read mode" with a black background and white/orange font colour. Aside of that, great work. I have become a proud brave user.
Nexus 6p - 7.1.1 Will give 5 stars if the app gets incognito shortcut like on chrome
So far so good! Just like Chrome but with a working ad blocker. For the time being, it's worth 5 stars.
Nah, the security options seem cool, but that's why I have antivirus Not feeling it, the speed you claim is just false in my experience, I'm on 4G rn to test, I get anywhere between 2 to 7MB/S depending, yet it's not exactly the fastest, apparently it saves data, yet I can't find any data saving options, could do with some, like changing image quality etc etc, I'll stick with Opera Mini (and their damn "new tab opened" retard pop ups....) is markedly faster :c and epic data compression (their only real pro right about now) :/
Good But it would be great to have a simple option: open new tabs in foreground.
Not bad Almost top
It's great app. But the thing is, it seems the translation doesn't work. The original chrome works though.
very good fast ads blocker  brave browser batter than chrome
I can see why it's called brave Replacing a site's adds with its own.  So instead of adds that are small and reasonable, I get big gross to look at adds.  That may get fixed, but how can they ever be relevant?  And then paying site's bitcoin.  I can maybe see some support, but most will never even consider it.  People want free.  Plus what a malware target.  Very ambitious.
Crashed when open Download Why??
This could be the perfect browser If you allowed videos to play in the background.
Using for a couple of months now. Really love the speed.  Occasional freezes quickly cured by emptying cache. Really, really needs a way to export bookmarks. Accidentally cleared data instead of cache (fat thumbs) and lost all bookmarks. As a FF user, with a plethora of add on ad and script killers, now prefer Brave browser and have installed on my laptop and desktop.  Well done !   Do the bookmark thingy and you get 5 starz !!
Brave team ..Filmywap site ur ad block not working why
The Best adblocker browser This is the best adblocker browser I've ever used
Make it so we're able to add our own custom adblock lists, like on Brave for PC, or most browser-based  adblockers.
Its Chrome, but better... Pretty much same exact app as Chrome with more security built in, which is never really a bad thing imo..  The app is pretty heavy tho so wouldnt use on older/slower devices...Also would like to see Night/Dark mode added...
Nice Light and fast
Excellent apps better than opera mini.no ads
Waiting for the ledger I'm excited to use the ads ledger and bitcoin tipping direct revenue from ads to myself or my favorite content creators! Otherwise still a fantastic browser
Great with javascript and adblocking. But laggy. You are doing a great job. But on my phone huawei honor with 2gb ram it is laggy
Fast and secure But please include Google account sync
Add book mark syncing with chrome. I had a freezing issue after installing but a reboot fixed that. Your browser looks great but a deal breaker is my book marks not being synced with chrome. Or I didn't see the option. Add that and I will switch to this browser permanently.
To many problems Worst app ever kept it for a week and crashes 95 % of the time couldn't search anything at all very disappointed
Ruined after latest update After the update it crashes almost every single time
Very good. So far no issues.
Pls add bookmark synchronization ...
Best browser Fast, ad blocking, safe. It never disappoints
Insta: @Spider_Droid The best browser
After update now works great! Said unexpected error when I first installed it... same for newest version. After latest update app now works great! Thank you so much!
So far I like Brave on my Windows 8.1 laptop and on my Nexus 6 smartphone. Surprised there is no app available for Chromebook. Hope this will be remedied soon. I've a few hiccups, mostly freezing and the need to reboot, but these have been few in number. Let us hear from your developers if a Chromebook app is in the works.
Best Browser, A Home Button/Page/Customize Home Page Along with a "clear all" cookies, cache, site settings, etc. on exit would be appreciated.
Very clean and fast.  Excellent browser for sure.  My only gripe is that I can't just long press or double press my back button to exit the app.  It's a bit cumbersome to have to click the three dots, scroll down the list, then press exit.
I'm installing this because a pop-up on chrome said "my phone is at risk and 29.27% destroyed" and it's saying I been on a adult website. Boi I am 12 and I don't go on them... I use Google images 😂
Great browser....only thing is that just add the function to pause download n also before downloading it should ask the location as where I should store it.
This is really great. It is the one that I'm looking for. A browser with a mininmalistic and clean interface and does not run in the background. I also like how you change tabs. Its like the recent apps look on android lollipop. Surely, I will recommend this browser to anyone. Good job to the developers.
I enjoy the fact i can spot whoever is spotting me via shield page. Good app I recommend to anyone concerned with privacy.
I really like this browser! It would get 5 stars from me if swisscows.ch was available as search engine among the options.
Addition of navigation buttons (back and forward) would be very useful as well as home/quick reference page (fully personalised) ; home button would be great.
Very nice browser fast and secure(assuming it's claims are true)previously I used powerbrowser which wasn't very privacy focused as this one is
Yep those pop up ads kept showing, not so brace after all
No text-wrapper and no reading mode. It's almost impossible to read desktop sites that aren't adjusted for mobile use. Every browser has at least a basic function of wrapping text. The best one I found was thehtc browser which would automatically wrap the text relative to your zoom. Unfortunately, they've discontinued it.  (not sure why I can't reply to the developer) For an end-user, that's no reading mode. It makes no difference. Look at firefox, for instance. There's a symbol at the right of the address bar and you can press it whenever you want. Beside the fact that it's really hard to access the reading mode in Brave, you can't switch whenever you want to. Sometimes, the desktop site or the site as it is is better or maybe you're missing some important elements when in reading mode, so anyone would want to switch whenever they want to. So no, that's no reading mode.
Adblock doesn't work ! Changed my review from 1 star for the quick tech support and also clean app design.
It's just like Chrome but with adblock and few extra features which make it fastest and smoothest browser I've yet used on Android.
Am John in Kenya. Thanks alot for this amazing browser. It simply the epitome, the blueprint.the only thing is how do you add an item in the speed dail?
This is a worst app ncz its not working. It cant blocks any add😠
Would be better if video player had swipe fast forwarding and rewinding. Does it's job of blocking ads amazingly,  but the browsing experience would be so much better with that capability.
Now works great when phone is connected via VPN. Would be nice if fully accessible through Samsung SideSync. Good job guys.
Fox user still am but, brave has been keeping up so far. At this point I am happy to say well done...
I have checked the website filmikz.ch where the most pop-ups come and it doesn't seem to be working over there every time I click on something new tab opens your phone is not secure same old fashioned pop-up irritating.....Seems to work some times.
I  replaced Firefox and Ghostery with Brave. To date I am very happy. It's quick easy to use, secure, and I look forward to it's continued development.
Very fast and all around great browser. Not sure if it could be implemented using Chromium but a speed dial would keep me using it. Super fast.
Nice new browser! Simple to use, a few nice built in security features, & loads pages fast. Good to see the former Mozilla Firefox CEO/Founder is still on his game & can't be stopped.
How to sync my history with my Gmail account
Private browser ain't so private...why need permission for recording audio, view contacts/data/[pictures on sd card, my location, change my settings, use device accounts, NFC controls, run at startup???  Although quick to access a page, very slow to remove or delete a webpage...ditto for desktop browser.
Awesome Bowser but needs a way to back up bookmarks and all that so I can save and or transfer them to a new device can't find the location of the bookmarks. Needs this as it's important for a Bowser to be consider mobile since you never know when a phone might die and you have to get a new one and no bookmarks save
Seems to block all annoying ads including ones like Taboola that are white listed on other ad blocking browsers I've used. :-)
Apple calls itself "Brave" for removing the headphone jack. Brave IS bravely changing the game and giving us a mobile browser with no need for add ons as you can get noscript, adblocking, HTTPS everywhere functionality built in at the touch of a toggle button.  Please add the option to whitelist certain sites for add, cookies and scripts while boxing the rest by default..Or make it easier to discover how to do it if you have that feature?
would be a great browser if it gave the option to allow Twitter embeds so it stops breaking webpages. I shouldn't have to make an all or nothing decision on a website just to be able to read the article
In your terms why does it say you collect personal information and then it says you're not in the business of selling it. What do you need it for?
Best browser, no question.   Update - looks like you guys fixed this! That was quick - thanks!!   Unfortunately, with the Android N 7.1+ upgrade, Google Now stories that are redirected no longer open, and returns an SSL error. Easily overcome by stripping the forwarding address and the usg& at the end, but it'd be nice to have this fixed.
DNS leak I referenced earlier was fixed by an update to OpenVPN for Android. Very nice browser!
Useless...It does not block ads which is the reason why I uninstall it from my android smartphone so I am using an another better adblock browser...
Just doesnt block enough. Constant popups just like there is no protection at all
Waste app not remove ad fake copy of chrome browser
This app does not help in any way.
Been using this as my default browser for a couple months and very happy. Previously used Chrome and was frustrated by how often screen space was more covered in ads than actual content. Internet browsing has been noticeably improved since making the switch.
google does not work anymore on this browser. it says ERR_SSL_PROTOCOL_ERROR. Tried reinstall, same thing. Factory reset same thing. It used to work until 2 weeks ago. All other tested browsers worked.
Why can't I play YouTube videos?  It says "the browser doesn't recognize this kind of format"
Why put a download button right next to fullscreen button?! It is a big inconvenience, especially if you have a small screen. Please separate these two buttons!
This is best browser of all time. I don't use crome after brave browser download. Ad remover is very good and fingerprint ad removing is core. I like it and go for it guys without wasting your time to read reviews.
Works great Fast browser. Works great. No annoying pop-up ads that make small screen viewing impossible.
Great browser.  Seamlessly works like Chrome.  The only reason I give it four stars is the inability to import existing bookmarks to it from Chrome.  Or even sync like Chrome does.  Give us that, and five stars is yours!
Best browser
Buggy on reddit I use desktop reddit on mobile because I really don't like mobile reddit or any of it's apps. Using the original Chrome browser I experience no problems whatsoever. Using Brave  however, there's just so too many problems it's adblock feature just don't make it worth it. I experience lag several times and sometimes the webpage itself wouldn't respond to me trying to scroll up/down. Pressing the wrong links happen frequently and clicking YouTube links takes a long time to popup. I'm going back to Chrome.
I'm not sure Like the app
It just worked I was looking for this since Google blocks the AdBlock app. It just worked. It's built under Chrome Dev channel.
Spyware Type Permissions Why does a browser need access to my contacts and other intrusive Permissions? Not very safe if you can steal my contacts and spam them. Please explain or change for more Stars.  Thanks
After installation the app size is 120 mb We dont need that much for a browser
Ad blocker not so good The ad blocker is not as good as it could be.
Is it Chrome based? Works very well, fast. The ad blocker rocks. It feels like Chrome but faster. The only thing missing is a dark mode so I don't get blinded!
It's good but I am habituated to Chrome, for me to shift towards bravo I need all my bookmarks which are saved in chrome and all cross platform stuff, which I don't know wether this browser supports
Well made app The Chrome design is definitely a good feature and the ad blocking works great, but it would be nice if the browser could also hide the placeholders for the blocked ads to remove empty spaces on webpages. :)
Good app
Very nice
MUST HAVE - Finally a Chromium based adblock, privacy browser that leaves nothing more to be desired This one's a winner hands down, after years of struggling between xposed and root based adblock apps that can break sites and functionality while surfing, or the bulky, slow Firefox based ones, even Xda's NoChromo couldn't manage to cut it really.  It was either a systemwide hosts blocking, or using Firefox's awkwardly designed UI and frequently non functioning addons,  BRAVE does what all these put together do PLUS is spiffy, smooth and very quick. Can't thank the devs enough for saving the day!
amazing can use the web version of facebook messenger on this!
Excellent
Shortcuts for new tab and incognito
Nice Thank u.
Great app. And I know the guy who made his...  5 stars
Internet is fast again
Stopped working Working fine in 2016. After New years, it crashed and won't work. Updated to 1.0.8 and still no dice...
Fast and Secure After using Firefox I was open to try something else. The add blocking and speed of the browser has won my wife brother and I over. Keep up the great work!
Looks promising Still allows malicious sites (ahem facebook) to open the play store and prevent features from being used
Problem Solved After reinstalling the browser, problem solved ! Overall this is a great simplee ad block browser that based like Google Chrome ! Great Jobs. However there's still a few ads pop up that you unable to block. If the pop up is to be block too, 5 stars for you guysss. Keep up the great work !
Nice idea (bitcoin) but... Firefox is better at their desktop and mobile version. In the mobile version please add the option to clear all the data on exit, and a button for exit like firefox does.
Very bad
Similar UI as chrome
Brave kicks ass! Love this revised version of chromium. Sweet to be able to read content on the ad heavy sites that ridiculously overload the window.
Video and music streaming excessively interrupted compared to other browsers Nothing special here kids ..
It's ok There isn't a way to bring my bookmarks over to Brave from chrome. Seems like a basic feature.
Nice
Chrome with Adblock. Perfect.
Amazing work but ..... Nice job but popups like your xiomi phone has been infected and all are still disturbing..please update and resolve the issues..
Chrome Mixed With Firefox Take what you love about the Chrome and Firefox mobile browsers, Ave combine them. Then add ad blocking, heightened security, and the ability to block scripts. If only the desktop version was this clean-looking.
A must one to have Love the adblock feature and it works. Good and light design
was good but.. Was really good but suddenly started crashing and even after the recent update it doesn't fix the issue, the problem is still there. I am using android 4.4.2.
Ruined after latest update After the update it crashes almost every single time
Good
Pretty good blocking ads It works well when blocking the annoying ads but it is really slow loading videos and other media.
Best Web browser !
Amazing browser. All of the good features of Chrome but with the ability to block ads that make a lot of mobile sites unusable. Shame on Google for not making this functionality possible in mobile Chrome. Really only missing the ability to sync bookmarks with Chrome.
Very fast browser I love it very much
Best browser on the market
Very simple interface
Thank you! Finally a fast, ad blocking, privacy focused browser based on chromium. What Chrome SHOULD be. Can't figure out why this isn't more popular or have better reviews. Really looking to the sync features being finished. Great work!
I really like it, but... ...there's one thing missing that would make it perfect and that would be the option to put the URL-Bar at the bottom like the Yandex-Browser. 'cause beside that, the browser is really good, stable, fast, light, minimal...
I usually tend to read translated novels online so this app allows me to block alot of the ads that would slow down my phone with no problem, I only wish that can transfer some of my bookmarks from other browser apps though even without this feature it still gets 5 stars
Nothing else......    nice
a well packaged browser
Missing features:  Option to go back to main screen when on a site ie. Google Quick option or in settings to clear data upon exit of browser rather than going into settings manually to do it
Too good.
Crashing has been fixed. But I'm seeing more and more ads.. The reason that I used this browser for does not hold true anymore.
When all my other browsers started failing, Maxthon, Chrome, Firefox.... by failing I mean, 1/2 the web pages I try accessing just sit & half loaded, this browser performs!  And fast!!!!!!  I have not used the link browser part yet, but it is a very ingenuous add-in! At least the very concept of using a browser has been addressed, IT WORKS!!!!!!!!! Why I had to do a Google search to find out in February/2017 about this awesome Android accomplishment, I do not understand.  The way apps are listed needs to be updated on the Playstore!
Nice app
BRAVE IS REALLY BRAVE! one concern though, Please add native LastPass or any password manager app support. I don't know if you guys are having same experience like me it is REALLY feather light and fast like Maglev. Far superior than any other browsers in every aspects. Most advanced pop-up blocker I've ever seen. :))
Doesn't have any sync features even though;ugh it advertises it does. None of the advertised "features" (read gimmicks) worked. Ad block does not work for crap.
Uses 6% of my battery even when the app doesnt show in my open apps dialog. Have to uninstall to get it to stop using the battery or force close it every time from app settings. Bad coding. No flash.
This is it! Finally found my default browser! This browser is based on Googles chrome only its a lot faster and a lot more battery friendly! I love that its better than chrome and still battery is drained a lot more slowly than chromes hunger for battery juice. A big bravo to the devs. Cant wait to see what the next updates will bring!
Works very well. 5/5
I am again reviewing it. It is simple ad block is better than uc opera and other but i am confused with the downloaded manager. Accutually where it is, I want to see my download progress and also want to pause it but it cant be done
Great adblock web browser
Not sure
Good app
Freezes on my op3t
Love it
No YouTube/HTML5 support​? What the heck?
Only reason 4 stars is it needs improvement pop up tab ad blocking. On many sites blocks the banner and video ads perfectly. When on certain webpages you click anywhere on pages. I'm getting redirected to another tab. Please fix that in next update. Will change my rating/review if that gets improved.
Love this browser, much better then Chrome. But ist there a possibility that you can add a data saver feature (like the one in Chrome)?
Waist time
Very good alternative for chrome. It is based on Chromium so it's right at home.  Why is the app category set to personalisation and not communication?  Edit. It was personalisation when I rated it I think. When did it change I didn't notice. I changed to 5stars now. Brave looks more better after I enabled the Enable Chrome Home flag.
Sync? Maybe I am just stupid but can someone explain to me how the syncing of my bookmarks and history from chrome is supposed to work. Because at the moment it doesn't. Nor is there an option for it. Despite advertising claims.   Uninstslling
Excellence!
Best
Xerox of Chrome
Like it. Possibly 5 stars if they make it so you can add a search engine of your choice and more privacy such as IP leak prevention.
Same GUI as Google chrome
App is good, but for some reason I can't watch certain videos on YouTube. I'm guessing they are videos uploaded to YouTube with a mobile. Can you please work on that? I hate pulling out chrome just to watch a certain video. I'd prefer to always just use Brave for everything.
Copy of Google Chrome
Not sure what some of these reviews are talking about, this browser is a boss, it's just as fast if not faster than Google Chrome and Firefox I tested all of them without adding anything and the startup speed and page loader is hella fast. Love the ad blocker already built in so I don't have to download ad blocker.
An option to import bookmarks from another popular browsers (Chrome, Firefox, etc.)
Great browser and I look forward to watching it grow!
Great browser, I use it on my phone and MacBook. Just wish the brave browser icon was more circular so it's aesthetically fits in with other apps.
Its a good browser but need polish on the ui and dark theme also improve on built-in pop-up blocker since a lot of them pass though
Hi team good browser . After installing this browser I've uninstalled my previous browser Firefox . Now brave browser is my default browser. BUT SMALL SUGGESTION: seedr.cc website torrent videos not playing in this browser .please fix it .I will give 5 stars .
Great Browser. This is what a browser is supposed to be. Its fast,smooth and block ads really well. This is the sort of browser i was looking for and i am glad that i found Brave Browser.
Lowered my data usage!!! Great and incredibly fast browser!! Zero issues loading web pages in a month of steady use. Great job, thank you!!!
Copy of chrome,nothing new
Works as expected. Very solid. Thanks.
It has all the good stuff Google Chrome has, plus build-in adblock, extra fast and super smooth. Recommended
Would use it if it would let me at least open 2 windows on my pc . This browser has a SERIOUS lack of basic functionabillity . and i sadly cannot use brave as my main browser in its current state.  As much on mobile as on pc.
Would love to see Tor integrated as an option like Orfox.
needs an image blocker for example if I press on the image and in the context menu gives an option to block it.
FINALLY, BEST BROWSER EVER!
My new default browser. It's Google Chrome with ad blocking built in. Fast, slick, and smooth!
Best web browser ever
Need option to delete downloaded files from system in the browser itself
Pages load way faster. I don't get annoying pop-ups anymore...yay!
It's a great ad blocker and it's increase my speed I love it good job developer
It's okay now
Amazing to see how much faster some websites are without adverts, not just in page load times but also general scrolling and so on.
Awesome. All it needs now is data compression and syncing.
This browser is awesome. With the ability to force zoom and disable autoplay, along with the minimalist design, I'm instantly sold.
Website pop up not blocked only for browsing.
Good privacy filters, including fingerprints hiding, but it is huge and requires wifi to update.
I like lions
Don't download use less app doesn't work
Like it. Possibly 5 stars if they make it so you can add a search engine of your choice and more privacy such as IP leak prevention.
Really pleased with this browser very fast and no adds
Pretty good!
There should be select Copy paste option
It's like chrome on PC with an Ad-blocker extantion. Keep it up.  LOVE IT.
Hangs some time
It's a good app, not too flashy. Just consistent.
Needs swipe to seek videos.
The best AdBlock browser I have seen. The best part is that it is powered by chrome.
I have one suggestion make this app with survey blocking because survey is unneeded thing in browsing and please please make this function on it
Awesome browser... No wordz...nice one...does exact like system browsers😘
Excellent but have some limitations need to add night mode and make less storage app for android wear mobiles
My new default browser. Simple, fast and ad block. Could use a few extra features, but still 10 out of 10 as is
Fast, clean, safe browser This ad-free browser is easier to use and substantially faster than the Chrome browser that came with my phone. Brave's earlier "bubbles" version has a lot going for it, but was just a bit too confusing and intrusive. I hope they'll work some of those innovations into this version while preserving its great usability.
Best browser..
Best browser on the store. No more ads thanks to this!
Brave Browser The best browser i have used. Fast and simple
Works fine. But has one needed feature. This is basically chrome with an adblocker, which is exactly what I need. The ad blocker is easy to use and allows you to have site-to-site settings. However, to really make it worth me using it as my main browser, I'd like to be able to sync my chrome bookmarks with it. No Chrome-based android browser I've seen so far has this feature and it's the only reason I haven't swapped out from regular Chrome. Introduce this and I am sold. Maybe do it using a Chrome desktop extension?
Have had ZERO problems with it. Smoothest ad-blocking browser available, and I've tried many of them. Thank you, Brave! What's the best way to import bookmarks from the desktop version and/or from other browsers?
Won't run on an Acer Iconic Tab 8 Installed twice and keep getting fail on startup with unknown error.
Perfect absolutely perfect. everyone should download Brave!
Love it so far Quite fast, nice blocking.  My only wish so far is for either a way to add bookmarks to the page that appears when you click on New Tab (you can remove bookmarks, but I can't see a way to add new ones) or a way to specify the bookmarks page as the New Tab page.
As fast as chew, with AdBlock. Tried this browser as I was looking for a functional Chrome replacement without tying back into Google ad tracking. Brave has been fast and stable. Just wish there was a way to get LastPass plugin support or another way for LastPass to figure out what site im on.
Permission to use my Gmail? Dev looking into issue 😊 Woke up to the above permission request. Can you explain? Other than Chrome what browser does this? Developer now looking into issue. Kudos to them super fast response.
Love it
Crash I do not know why or how. The first time I opened this application it worked completely fine. Then the ssecond time I disable my chrome and then opened this application but it crashes evrytime. My phone is Sony Xperia t2..  Is there any fix?
This feels and acts like Chrome, but without the nasty ads in the way. I love it! However it's missing something. Like being able to integrate import Bookmarks to Brave. If that's possible through html file, sync, or whatever, I'll rate this 5 stars!
I was waiting for this exsct browser It looks and feels like Chrome, but has Ad-Blocking built-in! This will be my new daily driver as long as the Chromium builds stay up-to-date. And I'd like to have Google's bookmark sync, if that's possible.
Wonderful browser Only one thing I wish was there which I couldn't find was absence of Google account synchronisation, otherwise very satisfied with the performance. Also sadly my phone for some reason uses chrome webview instead of the brave browser but this is rather a system disadvantage.
So far, so good! I've read a lot of mixed reviews about this browser. I like it so far and haven't encountered any issues. I feel like my device is more protected. And I feel like it runs faster than the stock browser. After I use it a while longer I may change my 4 stars to 5!
Better than Chrome Uses the same UI with an adblocking feature. The mobile version surprisingly is better than the desktop version
I love it At first i had my doubts. But as i used it, i began to like it more. Switched to it as my default browser. The ad blocking works perfectly well, even better than Firefox with adblock extention. It's the best.
Soo good 👍 Very good at all aspects but just one more thing please add bookmark sync..
Amazing App! This app blocks most ads if not all while being very simple to use.By far i have not find any flaws about this app and that is why i am giving it a review and 5* [If u really hate Ads,this js the browser for you then!]
very good I first downloaded this and it wouldn't open, bit of a waste of time really, but, after the update it works very well: scores the highest in the html5test dot com out of all the browser's even better than chrome which this is based on! this (Brave) is now my new every day browser, keep up the good work :-)
Need option to close tabs on exit
Is it the best? From a personal standpoint, no. But, that does not mean that it isn't good. This is without any question, one of the better browsers available. Of course, it has flaws (as does every browser), but it is also faster than most browsers with adblock. Furthermore, the adblock for this browser actually works (unlike some browsers on here). If anything, my only complaint would be the file size and possibly the image breaking it does on some websites (KissAnime.to breaks when viewed). But all and all, it works.
Great job
asus ZenFone 5 Intel brave failed during start up with an un expected error
Crashed several time
It won't run Every time I open this app it displays a message on the screen : brave failed during start up with an unexpected error.
Works after clearing cache, but laggy!! Browser seems to be working after the cache clear, however, its still laggy. Not sure why, because I'm on stock nougat rom for nexus. Will test few more days.
Excellent Looks like Chrome, behaves like Chrome but strips the ads. Mobile browsing as it should be.
The best browser!!! It's like chrome on steroids.Adding reading mode and Fullscreen option would be nice..
Awesome The best browser. Period.
Needs help - fix imbedded video play I like the Brave browser, especially the ad blocking feature. However, perhaps it's a bug of the ad blocking feature, but in order to watch imbedded videos one must select 'request desktop site.' This is such a pain in the butt that I have to down grade a 4 star to a 2 star!
Won't Run Asus zenpad x580 w/intel atom quad core processor - comes up and immediately shuts back down.  Using Brave on w10 pc and love it.  Hope you can get it running on this android tablet.  Update - Installed new stable version.  Same result.  Asus Z580CA with intel atom Z3580 processor.  4GB ram.  Update - Brave development team has been very responsive and provided an apk package that worked.  Now it appears they have baked the fix into the google play offering.  Downloaded that and it runs like a champ!  Kudos to the developers!
Works as described.
Works just like chrome with adblocking
Won't open - Still Encouraged to reinstall by developer due to app update. That was a waste of time. The program still auto-shuts itself after a second when it is opened. And I am running this on a tablet with a quadcore processor with 4 gigs of memory.
Loading issue After downloading this App it seems good. But next day when I open this App I just see a white page which is not loading even my WiFi strength is good. I tried more times still unable to load the page.
Great browser just need a widget like Google Awesome
Great browser, that stops annoying ads!! I was looking for a good app, that would list me browse without any ads, that causes me to eventually close it. Been using it for a couple weeks, and I love it. I wish I could import my bookmarks from Chrome, but other than that, I'm enjoying the quickness of this one!!
great blocked  all popup sites,  it looks like chrome with no ads
Excellent browser blocking spam or ads
Awesome Thanks for solving the issues. Really good browser
Excelente navegador!
Five Star Browser - 🔷🔷🔷🔷🔷 I have had this since day one on all my devices, laptops, and business towers.  Keeps getting better with their tweaks.  Keeps improving!  Only one I use on this LG-G4 Android!  Rock On!
Enjoying it when it works For the last day or so it has been crashing every time it tries to open ... BTW this is just since I told Android (7.0) to use it as my default browser. Edit: still crashes after clearing the default setting.
Freezes on opening Shows the address bar and a blank white page but you can't touch the menu or address bar. The app just opens in a frozen state.
Fixed Update means I can now open it. Adblock and extras work well.
Very Impressed Started using this yesterday on my mobile because I'd heard that it was an effort by Brendan Eich, and I'm eager to support a man who stands on principles. Because I'm so satisfied with it thus far, I can't wait to try it out on my desktop (once I return from my holiday travels). It's based on Chromium - -  the open-source version of Google's browser - - so it will be familiar in function to a great majority of users.
So close to perfect I want to give Brave 5 stars, as long as you have the settings configured, it truly is the most advanced browser but it's missing something, or at least I can't find it - speed dial configuration. You have bookmarks but I can't manage what I see in terms of adding bookmarks to the browser home page. I like that I can create web app shortcuts for bookmarks like Flipboard to my android home screen, but there's no help or feedback page and I can't find how to configure the browser homepage shortcuts...
crashes on startup no fix worked great for a few weeks and now it crashes on startup and will not load . nothing changed on my end, no new software installed.  no fix provided and it has been reported by many
Really does block ads! I was skeptical at first, but went to a site I knew was plagued by ads and didn't see a single one- not even a banner! Only thing is that it does crash at times. I do like the interfacing, it's much like chrome. Overall I'm happy!
Too slow It takes a lot of time to start. It happens every time I open it
Back button takes me out of the app! Sure this browser blocks ads, well done on that front but when reading an article on a newspaper site for instance, the back button takes me completely out of the app! It should return me to the article I was reading previously so the browser is unusable.
Deserves 5 stars Many websites are so much overloaded with contextual ads that they became useless. Sometimes it takes up to a minute before the main article appears after all ads garbage. Brave fixes this.
Amazing Definitely the best mobile browser.
best of bunch finally got rid of those ads..
No videos Videos are not playing when you go to sites
Love it  so much,thank you Just use it, its like chrome but better
Perfect Brilliant. Chrome deleted this became deafult
Chrome with AdBlock Speed
Performs better than expected. Thank you .
Excellent
Started off ok..... ....but after a few days started crashing upon opening. Re-installed it and now seems to be stable.  Now it's started to not input text on a site if I tab away from it and then return. Only Brave does this!
the best browser this is a fantastic app
Blocks Ads and Fast Definitely blocks ads and is quite fast. I haven't experienced any crashing, either. Would give it 5 stars if it would allow sorting of bookmarks and bookmark folders. PLEASE, add this!
Bug YouTube won't play videos, even if the adblock is turned off
Best browsing experience Works great and beats out Firefox.
Chrome with better privacy I really like this browser due to the extra privacy on it. Is there a way to sync my bookmarks? That's the only thing stopping me giving this 5 stars. It would take me ages to manually add them.
"Brave keep stopping" on my Nexus 5 . Nougat 7.0
Excellent user experience! Fast snappy browser based on Chrome but without all the intrusive advertising that has started turning web pages into minefields. Seriously, I was having real difficulty navigating articles without clicking on a bomb that sent me off to some vague unwanted site every few minutes. Tried Link bubble earlier but this browser is the best!
I dream of importing bookmarks
Pretty good
Veloce, ottima alternatives a chrome
Nice
Brave Shield Brave Shield is a nice option but you don't have much control what you want to block there's no white list or black list and blocking scripts is the same as disabling java and some java scripts are useful and and some are just troublesome so it would be nice is there was a option to view witch scripts will be loaded and with one will not be loaded.
Good
😘😘😘👍👍👍 👌👌👌
Please keep the Google sync feature. Whether to sync with Google is user's choice.
App will not run
Wonderful! Thank you for your services!! Great smooth working secure browser. Only would like to see a Data Saver option added in the future please.
This browser takes all that is good with Chrome and adds some really useful ad-blocking and security features. This is now my default browser.
Good, fast, no ads: pick three! Best browser on Android
Nice! Best browser ever
Doesn't work with Google Pixel Don't download if you're using a Google pixel Android 7.1.1
No word wrap on zoom There is no word wrap on zoom lke every borwser since tge 1800's has had. Speed dial icons are way to small on tablet.  Tge word wrap probkem is a deal breaker so must install.  Otherwise not a bad browser.
Lag gone after update as well as other issues now gone This update made it run very good again for me with no lag or other issues present . The only thing I'd like to ask now is why is this browser so large in size compared to every other browser. This has to be one of if not the biggest app on my phone and I can't figure out why?
Why can I not set a home page on my Tablet ? Have Brave on  My Phone = 5*s  -  But on this Android Device, My Tablet = only 4*s, Because I can not set a home page. (There is just no setting to do so.)  :(
Want to make your browser better? A small fix really. Please add a close button to your browser,this will make it so that the user will not have to continually have to press the back button or the center button at the bottom of the device. Thank you
Add powerful download manger please No option to retry uncompleted downloads
Html5 video can not be played
Getting Better, just improve your Adblock Better from last update, just make the adblock something like ublock origin, it is the best adblock out there, why don't you guys use their source?
Superb! If you use Chrome with Ad block and Ghostery extensions but you're fed up with Google's intrusiveness, Brave is the browser for you.
Garbage, trash
It is great where most aren't but it also fails where most don't. Lacks features like night mode and reading mode.
I love it .....but It needs to be able to set download location!
Great app Does as it claims blocks the ads and speeds up your browsing great app
Awesome Browser - Very Happy! I love the way it uses Google's search engine but keeps everything separate!
Cleaner and faster browsing! :D Good bye chrome!
Works great. No unnecessary features. All the other "popular" web browsers offer me more than I want or need. This one works well, is fast, and renders pages as well as the others. No built-in social media links or links to someone's idea of favorites.  My phone is a bit older,  and this app runs faster than the apps that advertise as being fast!
Please add Google Signin option
Sanjay Patel
Thanx Deserving complete set of stars. Just hoping it can be much faster.
Works well, but Blocks ads just like they said it would.  Needs the ability to continue playing YouTube videos even when minimized, just like Firefox does.
Chrome interface and no ads Better than other ad blocker browsers
Jhandu bam kya dala to life jaunga lala
YES it is fast but adblock not working Pop up block not working....
Thanks to this company for creating such app that blocks ads. Finally something usuful.
Is night mode present or not If present then how to use
It is exactly the same as Google Chrome on the Android, but it has adblocking built in. Pages load so much faster now, I'm loving this.
Actually blocks ads Im impressed that it actually blocks tabs from opening when on certain sites, I would highly recommend it
Very bad
Needs Extensions This one of the best forks of chromium I have used (all platforms). If this browser supported extensions I would quickly made this my main browser. Here's to hoping they become supported soon.
Good app but problem with downloads,doesn't even show paused downloads if u quit all data is gone...
Needs custom search engines
Useless It's blocking nothing .nothing at all. But the thing that I want to.
Missing Sync Need a browser with adblock and Google syncing. Brave doesn't support syncing, or even importing bookmarks.
Fast and lightweight Found my replacement for CM browser
Copy of chrome
Love this browser. It's got the same features as Chrome with built in adblock.
I first saw this app as an ad so clicked because I thought it would be good I checked the comments they say it's good when I downloaded the app it was actually good it blocked those sites that say "YOUR SAMSUNG HAS A VIRUS!!!" I hated those ads and brave actually blocks it it super fast and easy to use its my favourite ad blocker of the year well for me it is I also like that you can unblock the site it really helps that way I can use the site I recommend you other people to download this app keep up the good luck!        ☺☺☺☺☺☺
The best ever ad-free application. And keeps you away from the trackers and all kind of unwanted and irritating stuff.
It's is a wonderful app that stops ads from popping up!  It is also ad FREE!  You should really download this app if you want no ads popping up!  It takes only a few space.,  actually not even a little a tiny!!!
I have been using it for a long while now and find it is doing its job just fine.  Yet, l want to suggest that you reduce the stats (trackers adds blocked etc) bar at the top. I don't see a need for it taking up so much space on the screen.
5 out of 5 lions prefer brave fast, no ads, free, open source software 🦁🦁🦁🦁🦁
It's really great that there is an easy solution to remove ads in android. But you should really address the problems in running in Samsung Dex. It will probably occur the same problems in any desktop version on Android. It's great that you already made the windows resizeable, but the navigator crashes for me every 5 minutes on S8+ with Dex.
It's ironic that the advertising for this browser is so great. "Brave prevents tracking" while tracking your location. Lots of fake reviews for it here. Requests way too much access for an app that is geared toward privacy-minded users.
Brave Noticeably faster than chrome, near total ad blocking, and the bubble feature has serious utility. Great browser. Only issue is the inability to copy/paste in the bubbles and slow input for web adresses.
Brave is innovating not just a better browser, but a whole new internet monetization paradigm. Content creators and consumers rejoice! More control of your online presence is coming; less invasion of privacy and abuses of power will follow.
Many shortcomings. Tabbed browsing is awkward to handle, anti-privacy features (send data etc.) are on by default, full screen mode not available. Opt out of data report sending. Fingerprinting protection does not stand the test... Well.Thanks.
I'm having alot of problems with my browser. Im going to try this one. It's got good reading
Looks like it's been hacked. Loaded this on my phone and it would constantly redirect to porn sites. Had to uninstall immediately.
Love it!
It's really good browser with inbuilt AdBlock features.. it loads pages fast. The only issue I found is I am not able to find the 'browsing history'.   I can easily find it in Firefox. Also Inbuilt torrent is not working..
Copied from Google chrome. What is different. Lol. Ad block is not good.
Fantastic at blocking ads, but I have discovered why. It simply blocks any changes to your web page. That means you can't play videos on most sites or any audio. You click and it just disables it because it thinks it's an ad.  I can't ever write in the comments section of any article because it doesn't allow me to log in, again probably thinks it is an ad popping up. I think it will keep getting better, but for now I'll switch back.
Really like the browser, would recommend it to everyone. The only downside is that there is no native password synchronisation from the app and as it's known Google turned off their one for third party browsers :(
Thanks for Listening! Thanks for fixing the script blocking issue in the latest update of Brave Browser. I still find there is an issue still with the Anti-Malware webpage blocking on Android only. It works on all other platforms during my tests. Thanks again. Currently my default browser and can't wait for sync feature.
Perfect Blocks ads efficiently and pages load quickly.
Claims to not track its users in an "identifiable" manner, yet upon reading the crashlytics privacy policy it can contain information such as phone version, device unique IDs, and IP address.  All of this information is unique, and therefore identifiable, so even if you only collect one of the many tracking options the entire privacy policy on the Brave website is null and void. If they can deceive about something so mundane then surely they can deceive about something much worse.
Not Bad, Not Amazing I already adblock at the phone level, so that part isn't super interesting to me. I wish this could somehow sync with my Chrome/Google account for bookmarks/history... Or at least with Brave for desktop. This is kind of old school.
One big flaw. Settings&gt;Site Settings&gt;All Sites. It bogs down to where it takes a minute to clean something. Better to use ad blocker app with chrome.
Would have given 5 stars, but the app keeps asking for google account access whenever auto sync is toggled.. its too annoying since I use tasker to do it frequently.
Content is inactive, issue is media doesnt autoplay when mute.  Other browsers dont have this issue  Plus this just seems like a chrome lookalike
The bad. No exit button. Even though you clear history and close the app the last opened tab appears unless you back out tab by tab then clear history.       The good. It does block ads and trackers according to every test I put it to. Panopticlick is quite revealing.  Recommend adding a "quick dial" feature to the home screen as found in the APUS browser,clear history on exit and of course an EXIT function.   It can be a perfect browser. Try the desktop
Can this browser block pornagraphy, gambling, and adult sites? This is a very handy browser. But my only issue is with all the script and ad blocking features, you'd think this browser would block pornagraphy.
Really after you get our cash you decide to close down the link bubble?! Your brave browser is just a generic copy of chrome and it is just as heavy and sluggish. So when are you planing on refunding the pro users of link bubble? I really despise developers whom charge for pro features and a couple months down the row start crying about Google's BS just to walk away with users hard earned cash. Do you really want financial support from users? Stop scamming and taking our money if you aren't going to work hard! I'll never be paying a penny for any other app you ever create! Still, if you intend to be honest with your pro users and send a refund make sure you send mine as well.
Maybe I'm missing the point... but what's the use in having a 'privacy respecting' browser where the only options for most of the permissions is "Ask First"? For example; an irritatingly large number of sites will ask to know my location. If I choose to 'Block' this request for one page, I am asked again on the next... and the next... and the next... etc. Brave's only option for this setting [and most other permissions] is to leave it set to ask every time, or to go to system settings and turn in on permanently. There is no global option to block a permission for an entire site, or for all sites. As I said at the start, 'Am I missing the point?' All this does is make browsing more annoying
Overall great browser. However (I may be wrong) but I could find no way to block adds on YouTube. Despite brave having an interal add blocker.
I love the clean look and how easy it is and how it really blocks the ads and pop ups but unfortunately the app takes much more space than the Firefox browser.. Brave app takes up 114mb total and Firefox takes up 99.4mbs total. On the bright side Brave browser takes up 7.4mbs of memory vs. Firefox 67mbs for the save amount of time left running and the same amount of tabs opened. If you can make this app smaller I'll be able to uninstall Firefox and use Brave solely. Thanks!
So close to becoming my default browser, but beaten out by nearly identical Samsung browser, which has sync with desktop using Firefox Sync and a brilliant video popout window. If Brave adds those features, it's a hands down winner.
Simply outstanding. For so long it was unthinkable that I would ever use a browser other than Chrome. I installed Brave initially out of curiosity, thinking that it would be a mere novelty that would wear off within a week. I was glad to be proven wrong! This browser is the real deal. It's fast, reliable, clean, and has a nice and simple UI. I am using the StartPage search engine as my default search engine with it. The results are great - all the speed, functionality, and power of Google Chrome and Google search engine but without any of the privacy intrusions of Google. Brave works 'as is' - it downloads and installs within a minute and can be used immediately for anything you want to use the Internet for. No need for fiddling with any of the default settings, and definitely no need to install all those horrid plugins/add-ons/extensions that are normally required. Bravo Brave! 👍
Jerky! Tried using this for 2 days instead of Chrome. Appreciate the effort by the developers but the experience is just not comparable to Chrome. Quick browsing, scrolling doesn't work as smooth. Quit it within 48 hours.
good way better than chrome. the only thing is that the transistion or switching between tabs is not smooth. it lags on my s6edge+ running on 6.0. hopefully you can work that out.
Great browser, permission glitch I too was getting the dreaded permission request for every single one of the Google accounts on my phone at every boot. Other than that it's a great privacy conscious browser.
Nice to have less ads on phone
Love this so much. Only one suggestion, please make this app less batterry consuming as I believe a lot has pointed out this problem. Thanks
What makes you humans deserve privacy? When the aliens take away Alexanders, who is more than you. No, you people dont deserve privacy, you people deserve attack. // Don't cater to the advertising companies at all, get rid of the advertising system. Its a myth for revenue and an assault upon human neurophysiology. BLOCK ALL ADVERTISEMENTS with uBlock Origin, Adguard, and Disconnect in open-source browsers.
Ok Excited to try  this but once installed it took up over 100Mb of storage and no option to move it to the SD card.  Too much space for the phone I have right now
this is pathetic just to. promote your new app you have stopped last app and on top of that too you are forcing to install browser everytime open any link if you are not supporting the last than at least do not spam with install msg popping everytime I use it
So far it's very fast and no ads! Thanks!
Fast and no ads Interface is simple which is ideal. Best browser I have tried yet.
Amazing browser and so fast. I like this app. Many thanks for so good app.
One word- Awesome Thank you so much developers for such an amazing browser.
Best ad block app Super.. No ads. Enjoy allot
Works great S7. So far the best browser I've used
Love it Running smoothly on my Oneplus 3
Nice browser Works well, but I miss the bubbles...
fast, reliable, and privacy aware
Wow!!! It's a dream come true!!!
Google chrome with adblock
How to quit browser?
The way to go Good and fast, excellent blockage of ads.
Great Love the new update so far so good
Safe navigation and good concept I especially agree with making the web better by improving the ads. Good job guys.
Now... ...I can say that I have Brave as my default browser for desktop AND mobile! :-)
one star - i bought pro version link bubble they changed name to brave because dev sold his software understandable, now link bubbles back and which no longer supports moving to SdCard and they're newer full screen browser brave also doesn't support to be moved to SdCard 149MB install to default internal memory cache browser web pages to internal memory no thank you. in settings of brave says we can specify where we to have files downloaded when clicked zero options to me re-skinned chrome.  Android\Settings\Storage:  Brave Stored in Internal storage CHANGE Storage Total 116 MB Application 116 MB Data 0.00 B Manage Storage. Cache 0.00 B CLEAR CACHE if any premium features in the future require us to buy pro etc again I'm turning company in to Google for full refund etc. I'll be watching progress. another thing the larger browser doesn't do is allow you to full-time run in desktop mode no user agent changes can be made only at the time of visiting the website in main page standard feature amongst all third party browsers. Justin Cram DyingJedi   - Original Review as follows: Justin Cram YOU 5/8/14 Samsung Galaxy S3 for an older version bubble link pro, keeps saying an error and that says Policy Reason: ox 123, PLEASE ADVICE!! l've bubble link pro, keeps saying an error and that says Policy Reason: ox123, PLEASE ADVICE!! I've tried finding a support page to email you nothing but I did however pm you through Twitter please advise thanks Hi5 tried finding a support page to email you nothing but I did however pm you through Twitter please advise thanks Hi5! PS So far it's pretty much the same as boat float browser! locked from copy paste etc
Asik lah. Browser yang langsung ada ad Block nya
Can't even open I can't open the browser
Freakin awesome Just needs bookmark sync! Preferably with Google's bookmarks
Мне нужно импортировать закладки из браузера Хром, firefox. Как это сделать ?
I'd use this as my default browser on PC if it had bookmark sync with Google Chrome.
It's literally just Chrome with AdBlock Perfect
Slow speed and crash
Very fortunate to have gotten a star It doesn't block ads and its useless.
So far,  so good I like it so far. Never see ads and runs pretty quickly
Exactly what I need Basically, a chrome with an Ad-Block.
Thanks to Developers Alot better than UC browser in privacy and security while browsing.
Great Very nice. It's just missing compatibility with lastpass, but other than it's that really great
Best browser on android Just uninstalled the chrome after using brave once ...
Amazing! I like how the layout is just like Chrome. So fast and smooth. Thank you!
Its gud but a little slower than chrome
Add Google Sync please! Bookmarks would be great!
👌 Works like charm on my GS7. Waiting for cloud sync!
BT I open every time and get the error brave has stopped.
Awesome. I love that it is based on chrome. Feature request: provide an "Open in Brave" share sheet entry for URLs
Much better that the Link Bubble version Needs sync to desktop and payments support for 5 stars. Solid overall.
A must have app.
I refuse to use chrome and this is better than other alternative ive found.
app doesn't open... I reinstalled the app still no use
It blocks most of the ads, and loads the page securely with HTTPS Everywhere. With Chromium, Offline reading, blocking ads & trackers, It's a great browser.
Super fast Everything good about Chrome - ads = the best mobile browser!
Great Browser Great browser but it's started perpetually force closing on 7.1.1 Beta on the Nexus 6P.
Great but need It's really effective but need one update. That we can use Google account so that sync our chrome bookmarks and pages. Overall best Browser😍
No single ad!! Thank you you're the best browser out of all
Ariel Ad blocker is just a lie.ads everywhere
Five Star Browser - 🔷🔷🔷🔷🔷 I have had this since day one on all my devices, laptops, and business towers.  Keeps getting better with their tweaks.  Keeps improving!  Only one I use on this LG-G4 Android!  Rock On!
No different than Google Chrome Ads everywhere
Lol Copy Cat just try to clear history and show chrome history looks like copy the script of Google chrome
I need my refund of link bubble app purchase. Show some Respect to your customers. You removed link bubble from. Playstore without telling us how can you ripp off customers of their money. I will start campaign against your company and file report against you with google.
Fantastic alternative Works great. No degradation in page loading  despite ads and scripts blocking. Enjoying it so far.
Easy to use This small update fixed the issues that I was encountering.
No more ads! \o/
👍 Would the "merge tabs and apps" option from Chrome be possible?
Awesome app I'd like to have it so that thumbnails don't appear on the home page.
Nice app Very similar to Chrome but faster and less intrusive. Good work.
Must have! I love this browser. It's fast, easy to manage and just plain and simple, it just works. Keep up the great work guys. The internet looks beautiful.
Fast browser Quick, no-frills browser. Exactly what I was looking for.
Good to remove ads but I like the function to sync my phone and computer to be able to switch between both.
Awesome Like the quick script disable feature and adblock. Keep it up.
Brave It truly is a brave browser. It is a big step away from the other browsers and it is working for them. Keep up the good work.
Yummy Latest combination of Chromium + ad block + https everywhere = awesome
Brave browser Just became my new favorite browser thanks guys great job
Almost Just put in the option to choose whether to save browsing history or not and I will give you 5
Far... Far better than any other web browsers Just awesome... I guess this is the best of the best app
Very poor Why this browser is not downloading the web pages, apks, images and much more. It only opens the web pages.
Exactly the browser I've been waiting for Brave has made the mobile web great again!
Samsung Galaxy s7 edge  tmobile  mm 6.0.1 Awesome app I use it by default
Garbage There was a pop up on the very first page I opened.
5 STARS!! Love this browser. Wish I found it sooner.
It does what it says it does Does it very well, too. Get it.
Amazing Removes most garbage from the internet browsing
Slow tab switching Tab switching can be made faster
Sweet! After using over 50 browsers..this is the one..build in ad block that works..can also fine tune access  for all sites by pressing the lion top left..fast and reliable so far..keep it up!
Brave browser Good going well done so.....develop more... Yeah please make   most secure browser
Perfect browser. Exactly what I needed!! Really blocks ads and does what it says. Deserves 5 stars. And the user interface is light and chrome like. Overall very much happy with this browser.
Working well but the upgrade files are enormous
App force crashes Doesn't seem to like android 7.1 as it force. Crashes over and over
Not sure what's going on Ever since the last update I am unable to view any YouTube videos or any other videos
Love it This app helps me out so much thx
Violates people's rights with there TOS..Beware.....and collecting personal data
The BEST BROWSER for android , i recommend it to everyone （^_^） Add NiGht MODE !
Close tabs option should be on bottom, and other than that... Great browser !
The one of the best browser in android specially for brave ad blocking feature.its all ad content blocked.
I would love if this synced with the desktop version.
It's like chrome but with built in adblocker, couldn't ask for more.
Pls replace chrome custom tab with brave custom tab  in all in app search
Best Chromium based browser with adblock feature.
Good but it would be better if it have buttons for go back and forward.🙂
Pleasantly surprised at its speed.i downloaded because I didn't like the ads on tablet browser
not have syncing from chromium, bad move
Brave browser is world no 1 browser
Suits me fine. Simple and practical interface. I find the ad blocker very good. Quite fast too.
Does not work it all addbloc but surfing surfing  fast
VPN problem solved Works perfect now very smooth..  Great broswer
I like it more than chrome
My go to browser. No issues. Quick page loading. And now with a proper exit button! Thank you!
No longer need to run Firefox thanks
It blocked ads better than any non superuser program
Make Video Playback download option.....for the next update
it is certainly faster and blocking seems to be working pretty well
nice to hav ..  adfrree browsin.. && request )) pls add night mode&&
It's a Copy of Chrome ! Good Adblocker.
Freezes on my op3t
Top-notch browser with privacy and adblocking built-in.
It's Chrome with adblock! Exactly what I've been looking for.
Thank you i am very satisfied, it blocked the annoying ads i am not believing it's  real !!!
I don't see Google account for sync
Frequent freezes and force closes!
I use the desktop version as well and it's impressive, MOST impressive.
Fantastic app. Would like to see more settings in it though
Absolutely love it. Very smooth and fast, and protective.
Very good speed,adds blocking
Best browser for Android. Very fast browser
It's a great browser with very good features. Loved it.
Great another Chrome, how to Import bookmark from Chrome ??
Waste app not remove ad fake copy of chrome browser
Much better after updating to Chromium 56
It's happen and it really works.
Its good and faster then chrome . more featured than chrome .      God app
5 out of 5 lions prefer brave fast, no ads, free, open source software 🦁🦁🦁🦁🦁
Great browser, but little lag when new tab
It a awesome and fast browser but it would nice be able to save articles to read later
Brave "for people who stand and fight back"
The BEST PERIOD! Blows all contenders completely out of the browser universe - IMHO! Just luv it. Simply can't say enough. Only been using for short while but have put it through all the paces  that matter to me and have found NO flaw. From my perspective there's nothing not to like EXCEPT it's unable to be moved to SD card (external storage). Hope they will address this issue. I am using a Galaxy Note 4 running Marshmallow.
Firefox + Chrome - the Cons of both These reviews don't lie. This browser works so well that I just disabled chrome. It's almost like the developers behind this browser care about you browsing experience.
Galaxy s5
No proxy config Good app but NEEDS to be able to use a proxy!
Fast!
Perfect
Not that good I havent found any browser that can beat uc.
Not Bad
Great but... One of the best adblock browsers I've used but I really need to ask for a "clean&exit" button which is pretty important so the app doesn't continue running in the background and a stronger ad blocker for the online movies sites that have hundred of ad pages popping out. Other than that I'm pretty content with it and congrats to the creators.
Super Super
Looks nice but.. It doesn't open
block script what is the function of block script feature.?.
Force closing
Brave is doing everything right on android The Android version of chrome except with everything I could want. AdBlock, amti-tracking measures, more speed, and entirely open source software.
I love it.. fast, simple, friendly user..
speed dial speed dial  feature not avaliable
perfect
Fast
Better than Mozilla
Legit innovation
It's literally just Chrome with AdBlock Perfect
Phenominal Another world better
Fast ? Fast ? I dont think so.
Awesome I love it, Go P8
Was good!! Worked well for the first few days but now constanly crashes. I really do love all the privacy issues that have been dealt within this browser. The built in adblocker is just great. But for some reason it started to crash all the time! Lets hope this issue will be  sorted out in the next update. In the mean time I will have to use another browser.
Missing one feature that the desktop version has. I would like to see fingerprint protection in the Android app to block WebRTC leaks
Doesn't work with LastPass. I'd love to try this app, but without LastPass support, absolute deal breaker.
Loved it
Nice
Best
Please add a way to import bookmarks!
Best ever... Just downloaded it..and loved it in a minute!!!!!!!!!!
Fast and stable Exit button is needed
Very fast but missing Lastpass support
OMG all your desires Chrome with adblock, my new default browser
The browser is one of a kind, if you are looking for a browser with Ad Block. Like the browser a lot,but it falls short of 5 stars in my review as I see a lot of battery drain in my Redmi Note 3. Once I uninstalled it, I was able to see significant improvement in battery charge. Will install it again if the battery drain issue is taken care off.
Chrome without ads? Count me in.  I just hope Google keeps this in the store once the downloads spike like I guess it will.
Keeps crashing out. Just installed the update patch. Post updation, the browser keeps crashing out. Can't open any webpage.
Poor Doesn't block pop ups as stated.
Works great I tried other ad blockers but this one has worked the best.  I have a Google Pixel XL and have had no problems.  I like Chrome but got tired of the annoying pop ups.  Problem solved.
Great Chromium Fork Quick and responsive, blocks ads and scripts, great logo too, although I'd add a round background to get it more in-line with material design
Just great! Like a previous reviewer said, it's like Chrome without the ads.. I love it, just what I've been looking for.. 🙂
Works well. This replaced Dolphin browser, which had become too balky and crashy.
Brave Brave is fast
blocks ads better than the rest
Was expecting this kind of browser Great job 👍
Better than chrome Even though it is chrome it is faster and better
Damn good Let's see: it blocks annoying ads,it's free,smooth and fast. Disquis works great. Highly recommended. 😊😊
No Sync Option I really really appreciate the app. I have forgotten to use chrome as I fell in love with Brave. The only issue I see coming from Chrome browser is the history, bookmarks and passwords sync option. I really need it as I use Chrome for this purpose. Please please add the feature to sync the history to my Google account. Otherwise it's perfect 👌🏽
No more ads! \o/
Excellent concept but a couple features I would really like the option to use tabs, can't stand the hamburger ui or having to click something else to see my tabs, also text wrap when zooming would make this 5 stars. Using opera bc they seem to be the only ones that don't force you into the hidden tabs ui
amazing Only been on this two minutes and I love it! does exactly what want I like to watch movies on my phone but am annoyed every time I press a button and tabs keep opening I know I only have to close then but still it's annoying!  This browser has stopped all that this will now be my default browser very good work guys very good
All about it. Exceptional browser! I've been using since it was released for Android.  I also use the Linux version.
Genuine app love it
Make this app an assist app, like the Google app
Best I've found Fast and no adds   Smaller footprint than chrome with similar functionality.
Excellent!
Crash crash and crash! Nexus 4 Android 7
Update keeps crashing Great app but unusable after update
Great Blocks ads without having to phone
Promising! I didn't have high hopes for a new browser, but the minimal tweaking of Chromium leaves me happy thinking I'm still in Chrome. But there's one thing that seriously bothers me: on restart, the app requests every single time access to my Google account. I have zero intention of granting that, so stop asking already. If I were to give you access to that, I'd just switch to real Chrome instead.
Slow The app is good in blocking add. I do have a cleaner browsig experience. But the app itself is slow. And websites really take time to load. Please optimize more.
Save It protects
Close to Chrome, but more protection I live how close it is to Chrome, but I appreciate the protection from trackers and ads! I wish it would allow me to queue up links in the background while I'm in other apps, however.
Fast Chromium based
Excellent Looks like Chrome, behaves like Chrome but strips the ads. Mobile browsing as it should be.
Excellent
Block ads and annoying pop-up very well It's my default browser NOW .. Great work guys 👏
Fast, love it
Better than Chrome Just like Chrome, just with Brave on top. Nice and fast. Maybe just add some more unique features, it's every so slightly bland right now.
Brilliant!
thank u for thexreward to
Crash continously Not able to even open it ...crashes every time...
Love this browser! Live this browser!
First impressions are positive
Best Web Browser Finally a web browser that does actually something to protect your privacy/security and BY DEFAULT. What's not to love?
Redesigned to best cell phone browser. The earlier bubble implementation of brave was not very good. This newer version is sleek, effective in blocking ads, and loaded with features.
Awesome I'd say! 😎 Doesn't hog memory and super fast browsing experience. No ads (we can toggle it on/off depending upon the requirements). Works smooth & doesn't crash on my K4 Note. Good job by the devs! 👍
Better than Chrome Works like a charm. Faster memory usage especially for my Redmi Note 3G. No more crappy ads!
Very good browser Definitely the best browser I have ever used.  It feels like chrome on steroids.  I has the familiarity of chrome so that's nice.  Looks clean.  Love the built in adblocker.  It's also the fastest browser. Overall I love the look and feel of the browser. It is definitely without no doubt the beat browser I have ever used on a phone/tablet .  Definitely worth the download . 9.6/10 - very good
Great until you have to re-install Really good browser until an update comes out... Then it crashes consistently until it is re-installed. Re-installing causes you to lose your bookmarks. Shame. 🔔
Rip off of Chrome interface, with ad-blocker and privacy toggles But I want TABS, real tabs for my phone. Another good browser without tabs 😦
Awesome You guys are awesome...you made this as my priority browser with the tweaks which i really missed in chrome with the same look...thank you.
This is built on Chromium, which means it is the open source version of Chrome with Brave's customizations built in. By itself, it is a vast improvement over Chrome and I would recommend it for less technical users.   Amazingly, it also works as a "Custom Tabs" provider within the Chromer app, which provides similar functionality to the Link Bubble version of Brave. This combination is extremely useful and allows you to specify a fallback browser in addition to numerous other features. Highly recommended to use it this way.  I would rate this 5 stars and probably never switch browsers again, if Brave could improve on the features provided by Chromer, and enable "web heads" that popup when the page is loaded (like Link Bubble) or at least the option to enable it.
Forget Firefox! Brave loads websites fast, it's not gimmicky, and it will help push ad developers to use best practice!
Been waiting for this to come to android. Thank you so much for keeping things simple. It looks and acts like chrome, but with the great as blocking I've experienced on iOS and pc/Mac
Feels fast ! ? Where can I enable Incognito mode by default ? Above all, impressed by the memory footprint, very easy on system ressource !Feels fast ! Ads-block feature feels ok, privacy policy seems fair . Where can I enable Incognito mode by default ? Basically, want an always on Incognito mode
Hahahaaa...what a crap..total waste Most of the live streaming news site just show black screen hahahaa...brave hahahaa...pathetic..people giving this app 5star have never used best browser like "Dolphin browser" they will give you 0 hahhaa .. Brave .. hahahaaaa...
Tried this on my Nexus 6P a few months and it didn't work, here I am now, and it's still not working...? Update: it was the new version, I re-downloaded it again last night, it didn't work, just froze.
Forced download I was using the link bubble browser and it's forcing me to download this crap.  Where did the open in chrome link go? Time to uninstall...
Love it so far.  Wish it had the ability to import my Chrome bookmarks.  Small price to pay for something that does so much right out of the box.
Just noise, and no big deal Users: please read Terms and Conditions carefully. The much touted ad blocking is useless as Brave replaces Chrome's ads with their own ad bombarding system called Ad Replacement. The only difference being you're "not tracked". As they say, may the buyer beware, and please *read the fine print*! Back to using Opera.
Great app! It gets the job done ! Even with the most annoying ads you just have to enable block scripts ! Keep it up !
Is there any way by which we can remover those white blank space after the ads are removed and also battery consumption is quite high.!
Looks just like Chrome, but with adblock. Makes browsing easy, reduces pop ups and ads. I believe it will help improve battery life as well.
Finally, A perfect Browser! It doesn't lag, hang or anything as such. Has no Bugs as of now. And the best thing about it is that, the websites which used to lag while Scrolling on Chrome doesn't lag on Brave Browser. Simply the best!
So far so OK... A nice-looking, easy to use browser, though I'm not sure why the package size (46Mb) is SO much bigger than any other browser I've tried (Dolphin Zero is only 0.5Mb). Also, it's annoying that on my personal favourite start page, I'm constantly prompted to "make page mobile friendly" even after dismissing the message.
Back to Chrome for now, please fix. EDIT- Crashes every time when trying to render webpages, great when it worked.  ORIGINAL REVIEW- Pros: It's a VERY familiar Chrome like experience, has an adblocker and can save pages for offline use. Cons: No chrome sync features (not a big deal if you don't use it). Definitely worth a try, who knows you might end up replacing chrome like I did. Suggestions for the DEV: Make a sync feature with brave desktop or import sync results from chrome and have offline pages show up as special bookmarks.
No good! Installed it to test on a site called skidrowreloaded and the pop ups do not get blocked. Luckily I have an Adguard License that I am happy to pay £20 a year for that does actually stop pop ups and rubbish. Note I was testing this on an LG G4c..
Awesome Page loading is fast and blocks all ads. Using chromium interface is a plus. But its crashes in incognito mode in Moto x play with Android 6.0
Excellent! Link Bubble (as it's now called) was crap. This app is amazing, fast, and works just like Chrome.
Crash I do not know why or how. The first time I opened this application it worked completely fine. Then the ssecond time I disable my chrome and then opened this application but it crashes evrytime. My phone is Sony Xperia t2..  Is there any fix?
Got stuck Every time I launched it, Google threw a popup asking me if I wanted help finding my polling place in Georgia. The election was last week and I live 500 miles from Georgia. Wiped data to see if it will help.
Finally! A Chromium ad blocking solution! Guys, thank you. I've been hoping for a Chromium ad blocker for a long while now, and this delivers. It's essentially Chrome supercharged with ad blocking and tracker blocking powers. Wonderful!
Lastpass unsupported Everything seems to be working fine but Lastpass doesn't recognise this as a browser but it thinks that brave is an app like fb or amazon
Incredible Thing works like a dream it's smooth it's fast and does what it's supposed to do and blocks ads. Best ad blocking browser hands down
it works now after I reinstall app. first launch, no response, like everything is dead. but after I return to home page and choose brave app from the recent app in the navigation bar, the agreement finally popup. then everything works now.
Loving it This is just the browser I needed. Since almost 90% of the websites in india have a bloody as popping up unnecessarily which is linked to the service operator you're using and deducts your balance which was a huge pain in the ass. Thank's for this wonderful creation. Peace.
Must Have Just like chrome but no annoying ads. Thx devs team for this awesome app. Will recommend others. Plz keep updating it :)
Keeps crashing on Nexus 6P The app opens. Can't click anything, then crashes. Please fix.
The good becomes best I was looking for something with functionality and ease of use of Chrome with added functionality of adblocking. And look no further as Brave includes everything!
Nice browser..... But It doesn't support falsh media and doesn't have internal vedio player, I really like it's ad blocking, but I need flash contents and video player
Exactly what I was looking for!!!! The minimalism of chrome with aggressive adblocking. Works perfectly fine on snapdragon SoC but crashes on nexus 9 with tegra k1
Finally! Love the desktop version. Finally they came out with a proper mobile one, too. Now if we could get password and bookmark syncing it'd be perfect.
Blocks most ads Went through some site with a lot of ads. Some pop ups got through but most were blocked. I don't notice a speed up, if anything I've noticed a bit of lag.
Chrome for privacy-minded folks It's got the ease-of-use of Chrome, coupled with adblocking and HTTPS everywhere. Best thing about Brave is that you can set DuckDuckGo as your default search engine. Highly recommended for those concerned about their privacy.
Blazing fast!!!! Its THE BEST BROWSER that I've ever downloaded...WORTH DOWNLOADING
Finally a decent ad blocking browser A familiar interface with easy to use ad blocking features. I love this browser.
Better than Chrome Works like a charm. Faster memory usage especially for my Redmi Note 3G. No more crappy ads!
Great web browser, when will we have to ability to use cloud sync to sync our stuff like passwords and bookmarks with it?
Performance This browser can do everything chrome does and runs smoother because there are no ads
Uninstalled Firefox and installed EichBrowser ...so that Mozilla can suck it and die, as it richly deserves.
THE HECK! when up the browser and typing some sites it will automatically close. . with no reason
Very fast browser Much faster and smoother than Chrome or Firefox or Opera.
Perfect The speed and HTML5 capabilities of Chrome,  with good ad blocking. Exactly what I was looking for!
Loved it Could u plz add support for manual adblocking by ourselves
Best Chromium based browser with Adblock that I've tried I've tried a *tonne* of Chromium based browsers with Adblock, both from the Play Store and XDA, and this is by far the best. Excellent work.
Fast and Reliable!!! Someone finally got it right! "ASLAN(JC) IS COMING"
Worked fine but has been crashing 😔 OnePlus 3. Latest OS. India. Used last time to open a link from Google Allo. Has not reopened since
Stopped working when  on pop up,blocked third party cookies  and closed Please solve this solution
Stopped working.. Stopped working on my ZenFone 3 Z017D Android 6.0.
If you could import Bookmarks and saved passwords from other browsers, I would use this all the time.
Great browser, one suggestion This browser is amazing, my only suggestion would be an option to place bookmarks as my homepage instead of most visited.
Great and fast browser BUT Would have given 5 stars if there's account sign-in with bookmarks and history sync. Then this would be my primary browser.
Fast this browser is ffffast This browser beats both Mozilla Firefox and chrome hands down...😀
Exactly the browser I wanted! I always wanted a Chromium with Google's stuff removed, AdBlock & HTTPS everywhere added. My dream finally come true!
Crap Won't allow me download.
When it works it good Keeps crashing
Crashes within 5 second Whenever I open the app it crashes within 5 seconds
Clean and simple Works like chrome, but with out the ton of ads and tracking. Noticeably faster too.
All the pages load very well even on 2g,but need improvement in buffering online videos plz fix it,this app is in device memory or ext sdcard,move the app to extsd card
Requesting Link Queue Hi so far enjoying the browser, can you guys add link queues to browser. It will really great to have a link queue system in the browser
Plenty of bugs. Working well but suddenly gets closed & stops working.
rats untrusted false honor without Faith BAD people
I'd use this as my default browser on PC if it had bookmark sync with Google Chrome.
Help! Worked fine initially.. but now crashing.
Best mobile browser A fork of Chrome maintained by one of the creators of Firefox and JS, and we can control ads? This is basically as good as it gets for now.
Adblock doesn't work Paid ads still get through taking up half a page.
Crash Every time I open the app it crash for unknown
Scrolling jittery on large articles with pictures like arstechnica
Great Browser Eventhough its not that popular I think its more great than the popular ones. Worth it to download
Flash player Add flash player plugin and ad blocker is not that efficient
What's the difference between this and link bubble? haven't installed link bubble yet,  need to know differences before that.
Using Brave on an S7 Great browser and works very well for blocking websites loaded with Ads. REQUEST: Can Brave be made to compatible with multiple view on the S7 please.
Awesome Simple yet amazing. I hope you add a translation/translate on the web pages same as chrome
Much improved So much more stable than the link bubble version. This one hasn't crashed at all yet. Several great privacy features,  easily accessible from the menu.
Surprisingly the best browser apart from Chrome that I've used so far. If you want to move from Chrome to a new browser, this is without a doubt the best browser on the market. The browser is basically Chrome, with a few other tweaks that make it more privacy-focused, which includes an AdBlocker, HTTPS everywhere, ability to block 3rd-party cookies, etc. Give it a shot if you can.
LG G3 _ update Bar the few workarounds that are required for the time being - I'm really enjoying this app and has made browsing the web a far better experience.
Crash fixed for Nougat 7.1 beta on Nexus 6p Conceptually I love the idea of this browser. Well done, it is fast and reliable now on nougat 7.1 beta.
The chrome was always best but the ads are the only problem but thnx to brave they made the chrome browser best by adding a ad blocker. Good work guys!
Latest version update FAIL Sony Xperia Tablet SGP 521 Android V6.0.1 Brave app. crashes on opening. Previous versions fine.
Would love some bookmark import But otherwise perfect. If the devs respond to this so I know they saw it I'll update to the 5 stars that this app does deserve.
No ad block work , bad app ,time waist
crashed on opening any website
Totally recommended I love this browser, is so fast and the AdBlock is a plus 👍my new default browser.
Great Fast Browser With No pop-ups ads My new go to browser. Deleted all other browsers. Faster than any other browsers. Would be great to have ability to make bookmarks page a homepage. Better still it would be great to save favorites and bookmarks on cloud backup for easier usage over various platforms.
Still persist to open i did install it open for the first time it says failed during start up unexpected error i am using miui 8
One problem The browser lags like hell when a new tab is opened or typing from keyboard.
Note 5 failed during startup with unexpected error
Crashes Crashes 100% of the time, regardless of what site I'm trying to open
Perfect browser It mirrors chrome really well, and the entire experience is so much smoother. I'm a user for life if it stays this awesome.
Loading Pages Could Be A Bit Faster Love Brave on the desktop, so I decided to give this a try too! I love how you guys kept it simple with Google Chrome's UI! Everything is really fast too, but sometimes pages with a crap ton of ads take a while to load, but most pages load snappy! Looking forward to see what's in store for Brave in the future!
Adblock is terrible Adblock is biased and only blocks certain ads but leaves others(who probabbly pay money to brave) unblocked
Brave Woahh !! Great lived the browser , does what it says and the main thing it works smooth and no problem with it  .. 5 on 5 for that
Exactly what I've been waiting for: an up to date build of Chromium with built-in tracking protection and AdBlock. Can't wait until they update to Chromium v55!
Chromium browser with ad blocker abilities needs a lot of improvements I find the browser really slow to start, this should be a priority to fix. It lags when starting the browser. Another thing that should be added is the ability to import bookmarks from other browsers or accounts, since I can't find that anywhere.
Love the ad free experience Seriously, Brave is great. If you want a nice stable chromium based browser, without all the annoying ads, then I think you should try it out. It's been running well on my Nexus 6P with no issues I've found thus far in a month of usage.
Ads blocking is not good enough for many sites. App freezes and App navigation shutters unlike chrome which is smooth.
Very bad Before the update no ads were coming up why now??? hate it now will uninstall right now was working perfect before the update
Brave ! I'm 48 years old and had been witness to almost every developments in the field of browser technology in particular and web in general. We started with text only browser n early Linux, then Netscape, SeaMonkey, Kmeleon ... of course, Mozilla Foundation products, Google Chrome but never used IE. I too agree that time has come tame down the viral proliferation of Ad, Promo based browser ecosystem to bring back the novelty and security of true Internet experience. Hope that your product shows the way.
Doesn't work properly It can't block all ads. Atleast not on my phone. Worst app!!!😭😱😱😱😬😬😬😬😬😈😈😈😈😈
Can't add favorite sites to short cut home screen What happened? Can't add favorite sites to short cut home screen! !!
Nice browser with good add blocker but not enough powerful to stop most of ads but still useful, it's a good point. Please fix crashes because sometimes Brave stops, I don't know why ;)
Crashes in Redmi 2 Does not open and every time crashes
Failed to do the one thing it's supposed to be good at. The clickbait pages continued to open despite keeping adblock on.
Shows promise, but raises concerns I've installed and used the last 3 or 4 versions of this browser. I like the browser overall, but I don't understand why the browser needs to run all the time. It loads when the device is rebooted. Killing the app causes it to merely restart.  Why does a browser need to run 24/7 when I only use it for 2-3 hours per day tops? I'm uninstalling for now, and only because of that reason.
Crashing Does it's job, but crashes often.
Was nice but now useless Was working great. But even though there has been no update it suddenly started crashing whenever you try to visit a website. Adblocking can lead to instability as advertisers fight against it but right now it's useless as a browser.
This current latest version crashes Nexus 6P latest software 7.1 or whatever it's called. I can't even open the browser.
This is beautiful Love this browser.. Would love to see features like convert page to pdf.... That would be great.. But generally. I love this app
Best browser I heard about this browser from a friend. They really care about security and encryption - fighting the good fight. Don't sell out =)
Awesome but needs to fix bug Whenever I turn on Site Shield, the app crashes. It works well if I turn off site shield. I hope you guys will fix this as soon as possible. Otherwise, the browser is awesome. ✌✌✌
Not working Hey wot happened? Stopped working on Galaxy Note 5 with latest android update.
Best Browser Period I have Brave on my Droid Turbo 2 it's amazing.  I highly recommend use Brave over any other browser including Chrome!  It really does block ads and is super fast and since it blocks ads it reduces your mobile data usage considerably!!
App will not run
Finally A chromium browser with ad-blocking feature. Thank you so much and keep up ur great work 👍
I don't know
I don't know
Yasssss | no ads Ok i play avakin life and I see no ads! :3
در بارگیری مشکل ایجاد شده
why the hack you need my location to install?
Please add in browser video player with brightness and volume button also in it that's all
Must be like kindergarten adblocking. Even chrome basic has like half the ads then this
Good browser but we need inbuild video player enhanced and inbuild download manager
This is how web browsing should like . Period.
Thanku guys very much for making it
Super fast and trustworthy from inventor of JavaScript.
Faster downloading more then uc browser
I want to reset my password
Please add online video player
cant find videos downloading option like in UC browser...
Is it sport download online vedio
Why does it need my Location and camera? Hmm &gt;_&gt;
Does not block ads on Facebook
This is just saying that its good... JUST WANTS TO GET SUPPORT ON LOGO?????? #WHAAAWHUT??????
Plz add language translator or extention
Fast and good but Very large make it install on external SD card storage.
Another chromer browser with just an add-on.
Not Working I like your brave. But this brave app isn't working. Fix bugs and improve it.
Please add privacy badger support
This is my first time , hope it will respond,  thanks
Just a Chrome clone with some privacy improvements.
My new daily driver, bye bye chrome
Hey devs why dont u rename it to chrome2
It should be the default browser on Android
See its block my review
Hmmm it was a first time i am using
Will it block all add coming from playstore
Interface is totally like Google chrome
Extension I want extensions adding browser
Best than Cm Browser I'm loving it though it is downloading now :p
Decent right until the app started asking for access to my account info. Uninstalled.
Aweosome it blocks almost all adds
I'll support this man in am his endeavors
Better All are good but we want an inbuilt download manager with high speed downloading.......!
really fast blows chrome away
Still didn't export import signin bookmarks
Lion of JUDAH Honest Efficient Dependable
U stop sending me your email
I like how it allows you to search whatever you want and it will not go on your google or chrome history
Won't know until the use of itself
Very very slow loading.....still better uc browser, i think developer must learn with uc browser,how to make a fast browser
I couldn't Be happier!
Downloading and using to show support for the new micropayments and other revolutionary new features :)
60% of youtube videos dont play due to html5 error.
Stopped working. As in outrageously stopped working.
I would give it 5 stars if it allowed me to import bookmarks and passwords from Chrome. Otherwise great browser.
Must try so fast!! by far the fastest and best browser on android!! thank you i have been using it on other platforms since inception.
This is best browser  I found it really best browse fast ...performance of browser is best ...Thank to devs please add high speed download mod and video downloader...Thank u
Yankee abuse you 're supported
Great.Just Please don't add any more features,it would be too bloated
Video on facebook seems has a little bug...
Html 5 video are not supported
Can't move to SD-card. Text wrap for pinch zoom doesn't exist. After fixing it, I'll give 5
3rd class crapware browser made for poor people who can't afford a decent handset to run a good browser.
Veryyyy slow speed... Verson 1.0.35 is better
Excellent browser for internet surfing. Low data consumption, low on resources and excellent adblock and security. Speed, Privacy and Security are benchmark of this browser.
Ad blocker my Azz.
Maximum time show result as error
SORRY I MEAN WHEN I SAVE A IMAGE IN GOOGLE IMAGES,CLARITY IS TOO POOR.
it is fast, it doesn't block all ads on solar movie, which I use adblock for. Great customer service though.
I have this on my PC as well I have Firefox but I'm slowly trying to move to this one as it seems to work really well and it's better for people's privacy
Actually works. Completely blocks ads, and is blazing fast. Layout and feel is very similar to Google Chrome, which I think is a plus.
Browser is good but  add some add-ons, Make Facebook lite, Its own download manager, Auto pager etc.
Thanks, I believed in on line education helped yourself an people aroundyou an your community as a whole. Thx
It is crashing in ASUS Zenfone 5
Great browser with actual privacy in mind, rather than the ones that USED to focus on this. Thanks for keeping consumer interests at heart
Awesome app loved it very much blocks every single annoying ad ♥♡best App ✌⭐⭐
Yolanda Hadid real name "Peter Alexia Trump " browser for her 3 children Bella ,gigi and anwar only.
Good Can I transport this app to phone memory  do some thing about it and I feel some similarity in this app to chrome
Not nice. Slow and dull ui
How do I sync my bookmark to my Google account there is no option to sign in. Please help
Fails Failed at startup with unexpected error.
Very good. But sadly there is no HTML5 support.
Super slow... long live Firefox!
Crashes On Moto G4+
So it is add free ,but will it. Promable it will buffer if I watch a video some how
Will not work at all.
The best browser I've ever used and I have used a lot of them. Isn't this the same as Chrome?
Could not even watch half of the videos on YouTube. It says your browser doesn't support it!
Best browser It has no ads no and it has some useful features too very nice I'm loving it
Best mobile browser hands down!  Built in ad blocker, fastest speed of them all.
This browser just made me disable all my other browsers... 😂 best browser I've used
I think the only browser that have protection from all kinds and which you can control with ease separately!
60% of youtube videos dont play due to html5 error.
Tried it again. DOES NOT BLOCK ADS ON FACEBOOK! WHY BOTHER
Bad app can't dawonload this app
Installed on windows comp great installed on Android tab n it forces me to open Samsung acct and use Samsung internet???
Best browser so far.  If it had night mode I would have given it 5
I like this app day by day can you inform for your new updates
I just love it! The future is here bois.
It's really very fast and best add blocked..
🤘🏻keep up the good work
This app doesn't make any sense I want to hack dream league
when I switch to other apps and then switch back, It reloads. I have to fill form from the beginning.
Easy to use and the best way to browse thank you so much
I love it! But I wish I could change the homepage.. It seems like a simple addition and I'd like use this if I could simple change the homepage.
Discount Chrome browser. Everything is so similar to Chrome I don't see a point for this browser.
Very excellent app and useful in times of Internet black out
Google needs to stop enabling SJW madness.
It is a very good app. So every one download this app.
Excelent browser and performance goood and update monthly and buggs free
Helped me dump chrome.
Couldn't block all the ads I needed blocked.
It's my first time to use it therefore I can't say anything
This looks good. Can I use this on Linux and stream Netflix? So far I've had to use Chrome to do that.
Great browzer, i love how fast webpages load, and not having ads that are usually so slow to load
Chrome copy. Just ridiculous.
Nothing different except the adblock.
Have jusy installed the app so I will up date next week
I prepher to use this browser,  very quick response,  no loading issues, in my pc it's my default browser.
Simple, blocks ads and fast But lacks one feature I need, bottom url bar.
Please add download manager and download speeder (multi thread) and ability of sync. Bookmarks or import from others
It says it blocks ad. No it did not, even block ad is activated.  POS!
Couldn't change storage settings or set it to be permanently in incognito mode or customise home page.
Awesome I like this browser is awesome is not just block ads is fast to 😀 thanks brave
Initially good, then YouTube ads started slipping through along with file format errors that prevented the videos from playing.
I tried many browsers but no one like as Brave..... I loved it.
Dont want chrome then i realize this runs on chrome engine..now its stuck installing for last 15 minutes
App is good at browsing, but it drain more battery than chrome because when browsing it uses accellerometer of my phone, please check this problem.
Based on other's comments, I gave it a try. Would recommend this browser to anyone. It's basically Chrome or Firefox (my old faves) with adblock.
Fantastic app! I am really huge fan of Firefox, but I would say that Brave is my new favorite 😍
Yankee abuse you 're supported
The best android adblocking browser I have tried so far. Web surfing is faster now for me.
Could you add 1- google login for account sync 2-data saver especially for 3g/4g data 3-flash enabled plugin upon non-ad content on demand?
It's very fast but it takes too much of my space so I deleted it.
Kept freezing up and crashing it was doing a good job to until that happened
Update ruined it, Crashes all the time
5 star before home button switch...  PUT IT BACK!
Marvalles app I like this aap feature....when I search any engine....then go back ya ...exit it.....and some time I open that ...app .....open me that stage properly......so I like it .
Very bad app development....I cannot afford to have a browser of 95mb+ It would be better when I could have given you 0/5. Please quit, app development is not your cup of tea........ Wish you a bad luck for your future. Cheers!!!
The best and easy browser av use in my life. Am nw addicted to it
Another browser cannot replace brave
not bad its like chrome  with the ad blocker but the only thing i didn't like about it that is size could you just make is smaller
It blocks uneccesary ads which slows my process.
Really good and stable browser what makes it the best is that it has automatic and fast adblock which comes in handy many times!!!! Overall I love this browser alot👈👈😃😃
Fuq this browser you just copy Google chrome and change the logo and upload it there are no different between  chrome and brave browser you cheat
Look like chrome but is blocking ADs🤗
Could not change the search engine language (German to English), did not allow me to set custom search engine. Show stopper.
Literally made things 10 times worse
We hope this app will stop Spam
This is just a modded version of Google Chrome with Ad block feature. Dont know why developers give it the name "Brave Browser"
Is basically Chrome without the ability to sync bookmarks or passwords
Yet another different browser that is not really different after all. Might as well use Chrome or for better privacy, speed and safety, Firefox or Firefox Focus.
This may not be the perfect browser but it is the best I've uninstalled those CAF browsers and installed this
Working slow, cant scroll up and down quickly
Slows down browsing and Simply does not block ads
Seems good & I would have switched to it as my main browser but it's too bad that it lacks a night mode feature
Crashes Nexus 6P 7.1.1. The app crashes as I launch it.
Is there a way to import bookmarks from chrome? Also, can I have bookmarks shortcut on the new tab page like it was a few edition ago?
Well done for you have received your message and all that I am going out for you have received the following document Microsoft excel and power supply the material grows
As blocking Live the as blocker the bat thing ever
Stupid browser it's do not show downloads
Good Browser  but still facing  pop up ads Some ads vibrating  and force to click update button  back button  not working  that time...
Guys it's really a good browser for ad block but some options are missing....And its really annoying ..Sorry...
Had a bug It would delete my history and cookies and junk...
Brave just used 1gb data in background. Never had this happen with any other browser.
Make u download this it blocks all ads on your mobile phone 📱
Like that. U help phone speed and no ads
Hate it so much
As a browser 5, for security 2 "https everywhere" ,stability ... oh my god ._. 2 ..
When are you guys gonna do the BAT tokens to the mobile version, that would be great ;)
Blocked everything made the internet look like it was 1995
Did this app work on games?Because there are so many ads on my game.Pls reply
No data saver It's chrome browser with some add ons. Data saver will make it a great browser.
I like this app day by day can you inform for your new updates
I know that brave browser is amazing
New user.  i been waitin' for ya; where ya beeen♡
Haven't tried it yet but I will let you know
Cool I like it ^_^ but android browserss have big miss from unity and flash  ..
Effective and efficient application that works faster than chrome
"Better than Chrome browser" with built-in ad block feature and having all privacy features.
5 star when all videos can be watched on youtube
This is a copy of chrome browser.
Decent but missing the key feature of sync. Need syncing that includes passwords, history, bookmarks, etc...
Uapik tenan Iso ngeblok iklan iklan gendeng
Samsung s6. Android v6.0.1 Ads appear as usual. No other extensions, Add-ons.
World's worst browser
The app is well made? .....................…............. Copy of chrome It's fast but the browser should have  To make their own identity
Good idea. It's easy to use, based on chromium so gives a familiar feel.
Saves last open tabs after closing. So 1 star.
Perfect for free speech advocates, if thats your thing
It is only the Google Chrome browser, and added ad blocker... It has downloading slowly.....
Solved virus annoying ads
Bloody data eater app😢😢
Why did you remove the download feature? It's one of my favorite feature :3
This is my first time , hope it will respond,  thanks
App would not start after installation. Unistalled and reinstalled, still wouldn't start on Note4.
Hello Iam jantay he hoo gay thik hai yes this is good  App for Mobile
The app is closing (randomly) on my Redmi2. I couldn't test it
Not beautiful design.
Font Size Resizing fonts are not working.  Needs to be fixed.
Awesome but c kills you make it to synchronize bookmarks with chrome?
Brave browser is not brave enough to run it is stopping unfortunately
its a chrome knock off
Brendan's a assault and fsg
Didn't work properly. ... friends don't download because it's time wast machine
why it doesn't have sync with Google account?
Other browsers "Hello from the other side"
I haven't used it for some time i feel that i need more time
Very fast secure and works great
Bild sharpe and ad free
Thank you but will block pr0n?
Its promising and shows potential.
This is the best browser I have ever use never stop updating this
Hope to delete and remove forever
This is how web browsing should like . Period.
OMG u didn't think it was going to work thank brave browser
make a adblocker for apps!
Saves so much time!
It is very nice to use when jerking off
Marie told me so
Can't install on my device
I love this browser! Does Brave include the BAT Token yet?
It's above my thoughts
Why facebook videos is mute? How can i fix it?
Open source, light, secure and private. Enough said... Why you waiting... Install!!
Please do not download it
GOOD BUT IT DON'T BLOCK ALL ADS BUT BLOCKS 3.5/5 ADS
Yesyesyes oh gawd yes
It is very beautiful functioning  app .it helps me to learn browsing  a site
Not even close to Chrome.
Sometimes it's not working!
This app is adfree browser
Awesome Easy to use and very fast on the web.  Using on LG V400 and others.
Need HTML5 support!
1gb movie 10min 4g
Too much adds in search bar.
Just downloaded hope will good job ( Samsung galaxy 7edg).
For now, check back later
Google translate is not working
Still no HTML5 video support.
Some web page is not opening.
The user interface could be a lot more friendly it just seems to plain
بسیار عالی و خوبِ
You tube says it doesn't support html5?
Too much info it needs
Its owe some!!!
One more time, please
Best browser, exact interface as chrome but more useful.
Like the app very much
Very useful and thnxx for making it ad free I love this browser
Didn't block ads at all. Why is that?
Best browser Lagfree & adfree!! Thank you!! To all you guys who want to get rid of ads download this browser!!!
This browser is as a chrome and it's best browser
Just a waste of time
Brave is a good browser . Its in my pc and now its in my Android
Brave browser This is real and fast browser for my mobi thank to brave software
Faster safer painless blocking increased speed and safer browsing experience!
Easy to use, works well
SO USEFUL LIKE IF THIS IS RHE BEST App
I love it but will it bypass the FCC net neutrality repeal
It's one of the best browsing apps ever used. Thanks
I want play fifa.
Great app, fast and way better than chrome. bAT
Too..many adds...! This app sucks
I have ebola
Won't allow g5 videod
Bakwas app hai omg
Not so good
No option for importing bookmarks
No synchronization across devices. Add sync, this will be a perfect 10.
Pls add facebook speed mode just like uc browser
Mas t uc ki
Like a lion in the playstore
Not good but best app
Just misses sync, other than that, it is perfect.
Brilliant Have this on my pc and is really good, same with android!
Slow but ok
Roar like a lion
It's the greatest app can be ever seen in world the best browser
This app is adfree browser
Can't long tap to download a picture...
Little slow else is best in market
Need A Build in Vpn Then I will give 5stars
Download is very slow
For it security, this app is great. Please add user profile accounts so data can be sync with other device.
I don't find the "Send Metrics" option in setting &gt; privacy anymore after the last update (7th Feb 2018) Why is that so?
I haven't used it much yet, but so far it fits what I was looking for, a fast browser with adblock built in. To be perfect, it would need a "read" view like Firefox has that formats the text and images too look like a magazine article.
Great secure browsing. If a site won't work without cookies, Brave will remove them when the browser session is closed
Chromium foundation. Would prefer it to default to incognito mode having to opt out, or a an addition to store web data for select pages (exemptions) within the lion icon. Really cool option to disable java script by the JS guy. Bravo. I like the "exit" option in settings but wish it would cease running in the background. Having to go into app manager & terminate after closing any app is redundant. HTML5 issues with YouTube. Many videos not playing. Would like a video direct download link button //a simplified version of obtaining the video's real address through VLC. Are we sandboxed here? Firejail Brave-Browser or would that too be redundant? Did I miss custom script & webfont blocking? That FF Focus trashcan icon is brilliant & addictive. Will take a closer look at what you've got here on a proper machine. This could be promising. I'll keep an eye on it, maybe move on BAT in 2018 if I like the direction you take in what is likely to be the beginning of a much different digital landscape. Oh & if you can make your Brave Browser eat Google Chrome, ridding this stupid phone of it I'll make Brave default.
I reported and sent everything on your community. Screen gets stuck for almost mins when using websites which require me to scroll up and down :/. Also auto-loading video previews when you haven't clicked on a video makes the app lag a lot. I came to brave because of privacy and managing what I see but lately I have been moving back to chrome as much as I hate it and I'm not proud of it. Fix this issue. My phone is oppo R7 plus FYI.
Good browser but no sync It's a good browser with ad block feature. I would love to replace this with Chrome when it can save some user data in the cloud as in the sync option like Chrome. Who would set the browser every time after a phone reset?
I like it for allowing me to increase text size (see settings, accessibility, text scaling). Also gives a breakdown of what is being blocked and how many times for each type.
Play media in background? Bloody superb idea! Please don't change it. I love that you can play even when the screen is off. 5 starts just for that.
Not worth downloading, total waste of time, slows down apps, does not work, really crappy if you are a you tube user,  if anything it does block, but only every thing else from working, if you want to waste your time go ahead and install this app other wise steer clear,, it's a pity though it looked so promising, real shame.
Probably the best out there.  It is insanely fast better and nice no complaint. But can I request a feature. Can you guys provide an option for night mode
Why would anyone want EE to pop up every time you open the browser, ok you can get rid of it but why should you have the aggravation of doing that. I have used brave browser on my iphone, different thing altogether.
WEBM videos clips does NOT play! I'm using Samsung A5 2016 with android 5.x. Webm plays in Chrome but very unfortunately not in your app! Please fix.
Copied from Google chrome. What is different. Lol. Ad block is not good.
Love the app, but drains my battery super fast - happens about 2 to 3 times per week where full battery goes in 3 hrs and device feels warm - battery usage in settings points to this app using 64% of resources, way above screen usage - I have screenshots to prove it
Poor poor thing, this is. Crashes every time on my Pixel phone. Something went terribly bad in this new build. I uninstalled the app.
So laggy for me It would be nice to have a complete browser without the usual lags of a chrome .. Please help
Overall the browser is good. The only thing that I can't understand is, why the permission are so many and why it need to run on startup??
No better than others at stopping redirection to other websites. Foxfire Focus seems the best for now.
I really really like this browser! But I had to get rid of it because it doesn't support immersion in it's settings. I am doing preventive maintenance on my Nexus 6p so I do not get burn-ins on the screen. So I had to go with another browser. I hope this browser get immersion really soon though!
Won't download on Samsung tab s2. Have android 7.0 updates current. Have restarted s2 multiple times. Good fast Wi-Fi connection.  Still won't download.
Does not block ads and popups at all. Waste of time.
Qatar would make this app even better is a data compression feature coz dis browser is what I was looking 4 coz I does not chow as much battery as oders like chrome Firefox even UC browser which I previously was using but found it sitting at top my system and UI eating away wat my battery but this browser is light"no the lightest" but for what it offer I can understand but needs a data saver option 4 Mr that would be great and also a theme like light or dark
Used to work for me but the recent update has made it a lot worse. The browser wont load up and even if it loads up the ads wont be blocked even normal browsing has taken a hit . The performance is really sluggish right now. HOPE YOU FIX THIS IN THE NEXT UPDATE..
If you like Chrome, you will love Brave. Brave is basically an improved edition of Chrome browser. It has built-in nessesary Extensions/Add-Ons which we use in Computer Chrome browser. Brave has HTTPS Everywhere, NoScript and AdBlocking in-built.  It is faster than Chrome and effective enough for the regular user. It gives the clutter free PC web surfing experience on mobile.
Night mode is basic for me and for many users, that's the only reason why I don't rate it with 5 stars. It shouldn't be hard to implement.
Just another stripped down version of Chrome. Focus on being original. Firefox & Chrome got to be where they are because they thought out of the box. To be the best, you have to do things that no one is willing to do.
Slow to load videos The browser takes long time to load videos where chrome loads the same videos instantly.
Don't Work. I read its description in torrent freak though it should be good. Installed it. As I opened it it forced stop. I tried every method to make it work, but it didn't. Install it at your own risk.
Superb browser. Fast and light. Though last time I tried some sites were not opening using brave. This is my second shot.
Both the mobile and desktop Brave jus seemed to crawl when I used them, at times practically freezing all together. I really wanted to like this but it's a no go for me.
Will not use this browser until video playback has been solved. It's simply disastrous.
DO NOT USE!!! ALMOST BURNT MY PHONE!!! TO HOT 🔥 DELETE IMMEDIATELY!!!
This app just solved my problem . I was trying to access a few websites when I was always redirected to spam , I tried adblock plus , adblock and even ucbrowser nothing worked .This is a true life saver . Thanks !
Everyone Should Switch to Brave Dev, you need to market this better. The Ad Blocking is top notch. Data savings is worth mentioning. Try to add more features on top of chromium and make Brave what Chrome should have been. You guys are doing a wonderful job. I am one who doesn't switch browsers, you changed my mind!
Won't search The app looks greats and all that but ad soon as i try to google something it just freezes. I've tried installing the github thing but it hasn't been working out. Regards
Safety wise good, but has high background data usage. So time to say good bye. & Shift back to Chrome.
Can not stop downloading Why I can not cancelling for download anything?
It used to block ads, but then all the ads started coming through. This has happened with every supposedly ad-free browser I have tried though, so maybe adware is just too powerful.
Format provided to fill suggestion are not good enough for those who don't have much experiences .Cells manufactured given patent by inventors in different organisation have different character which give hard time until you become familiar how to become use to it.
Overall performance of the application is quick and easy to use.. Satisfying. 😊😊
Adblocker stopped working after a while after update and the lion went grey and nothing happened when touched.
Sucks dog balls.It let's sprint be my home page even though I set it to Google.Does not seem very private that way.
Just a fine chromium with built in adblocker, id use it if it had google history,  bookmarks etc sync. A very nice feature would be lastpass integration or plugins in general, but no mobile browser has that atm.
please add speed dial shortcut and bookmark sync with chrome.  and an option to add any visible ads to block.. otherwise, it's the best android browser I've used in my whole life
Installed.  Went to YouTube.  First 3 videos I clicked on was grey screened saying that this browser doesn't support any of these video formats. Uninstalled.
Was sick of stock Amazon browser, nothing else worked well, clean and fast browser, you have a new customer
I thought it was not going to work but it did and so glad that it works cause some of my apps stop working because ads
No way to import bookmarks from another browser, and hence not terribly useful for my needs. Uninstalling.
Accidentally this app got deleted from my phone....all the downloaded videos also got deleted from my device..hate it...u assholes!!!
This is just waste of time using this app cause not even bloacking a single pop up
Has trouble playing YouTube videos, and does not work well in split-screen mode.
In lieu of recent events, I can't support an establishment that doesn't promote diversity of opinion amongst individuals.
This app is going to block certain sites U go to if they don't approve. DELETED This app. You judgemental assholes!!
PUT THE HOME BUTTON BACK -_-, HOME PAGE IS USELESS NOW.
It's crashing all the time. Used to be my default browser but now I have uninstalled it.
Browser is not recognizing html5 video on YouTube. Will update review when fixed. I contacted developer months ago to no reply.
It would be nice if we could choose what scripts to individually block, like the desktop version. Maybe put the option under the present "site settings"? That's where I went looking for it anyways.
Safetest Browser in the world.  Because keyboard input does not work meaning you can't search for anything..  Its totally useless!
It keeps on saying that Google cannot read the site or whatever it's annoying.
Uninstalled it because I was unable to find a way to import my bookmarks from chrome and the help section tha I was directed to,  was no help at all.  Hated it.
Helped dump Google. Our relationship was one sided and controlling in a stalker kind of way. Toodles Google
Can you please add 2 features for 5 star rating?  1. Ability to theme black or dark.  2. Optional navigation bar on the bottom for Back, Forward, Home, Tabs buttons?   Thank you!
This or Tuga (not in play store) are the go to for a secure, privacy concerned version of chrome. It's chrome, but with better ad block and security. Just like chrome it's a weighty app -- 190mb when installed to be exact.
So I like brave and it's been good with all the blocking systems, it's my default so far and has been for awhile but lately it just stops or gets stuck when I tap on links, some other times when on websites where I have to scroll down or ip I can't scroll and it force closes although this doesn't happen often it's annoying when it happens and I hope the team will fix it.
App Crashes On Opening Have android 5. Downloading manual fix voids warranty on phone. Please fix.
Its Great! But... It would be nice to be able to link google accounts and have my bookmarks synced with chrome. I love how much like chrome this is but that addition would make it perfect!
This app just solved my problem . I was trying to access a few websites when I was always redirected to spam , I tried adblock plus , adblock and even ucbrowser nothing worked .This is a true life saver . Thanks !
I like the idea, but it doesn't work on my phone. Seems like the Android app needs a little polish and testing before it's ready for prime time.
really lame that ad for this app pops up in LinkBubble every time i open it, you have made it unusable
I liked it at first, until I tried to play a video on Facebook that needed Adobe Flash Player which I cannot install on my tablet.  So I had to go back to Google Chrome which has it included in its  browser.
If I wanted a litteral replica of Chrome, I would've stayed with Chrome. The blocking is useful to a degree, but the claim to browse faster is just that - a claim. Shouldn't this be a Chrome add-on instead?
/pol/ sent me. Looking for a browser that doesn't virtue signal or attack muh free speech.
even more useless than google chrome web pages freeze, cannot view or enlarge images, cannot change search engine Samsung Tab 4.8
Since the latest update I'm getting invalid certificate warnings on some websites and other's wont even connect with shield disabled.
Really find secure browser,at frist use uc browser its not secure any private data,i mean uc browser trak my data.Thanks i am indian
Becoming A Great Browser Brave incorporates much of what I install as add-ons in Firefox and has quickly replaced Chromium as my second browser behind Firefox. I like the simplicity and the ideas around the revenue sharing.
Irony... An ad led me to download this ad blocking browser.  Will be back when the devs add full night mode. Uninstall for now.
For spamming so much that I noticed your ads. Also, adblocker paying for ads?
Seems to crash quite a bit. Love the desktop version but the mobile version seems a bit unstable.
Still the same before, the low performance on the website is not speed but is satisfied, ad blocker not work at all sites,In general there is still a long way to evolving.
Absolutely Brave!!! Blocks ads effectively. Speed of the browser is also very excellent. Keep it up! If you want to be a number one browser, then don't change these properties.
Links on websites did not work!  Kind of makes it a useless browser.
Basically Google Chrome, very laggy and freezes up a lot
I just want to stop ads from coming up on my cellphone they are so annoying. So I believe this will stop the ads.
Would more likely be good if the adblocker actually work, but since it doesn't I can't give it anything more than a 1 Star.
Since morning it is not working , no page is searching ,it simply show no connection, I tried with clear cache and data but no response..why is happen?
Tried this browser for a while, works good, fast and reliable but I need bookmark synchronization. As soon as this feature will appear on mobile I will reinstall this browser again.
It blocked scripts and pop ups on the ad itself. Never got rid of the ad
I originally  posted an average score here, but the developer actually bothered to try to help so now I can only recommend it.  Just because they seem to actually care.  It's a miracle in today's world.
Mrs Mpopo I like it..nd favour it more than anything else..
Finally, an app browser that got it right....Thanks for coming to our rescue, dropped the UC browser... 💪🏿
Installed it and kept getting pop up ads while playing games.
The whole phone directory and gallery got corrupted never ever gonna install this app
I downloaded a game and when it's complete downloaded it says problem parsing the package
Why dose it take up so much storage and. ITS SO SLOW
This app constantly crashed every time I try to use it.
This browser is one of the best I've used but one missing feature I am looking for is the Autofit pages to screen. Hope you can add this feature in the future. Thanks.
Video playing is not too fine Phone becoming slow
not sure if how it works if it fits my needed, I'll already give you 5 $tar
Its a super fake app just created for wasting our time and money....
I liked the app, but it used a ridiculous amount of data and I couldn't figure out why. Had to delete.
Worst I were give 0 star....if i have the option....can't see the downloading option like uc browser
The UI is the same as chrome. The only real difference is the ad blocking
Just keeps crashing on my HTC One M7 hope you can fix this :(
Worst of all browser it does'not block any apps like anime heaven web
Error: Cannot establish a private link.
Crashing The browser has started crashing. Please provide a solution for the same
Bullshit!! Puffin is the best Bullshit!! Puffin is the best
Somthing is wrong on LG V20 After I installed, it kept crashing, I had to uninstall.
Only copy of chrome, does nothing it say, like ad blocking etc. Don't downlowd...
This is what google used to be before they turned into a psychotic NSA.
Browser does not ask for save password. It is not good
Amazing It's just like the Chrome app, just without the annoying pop-ups or ads.
Had a bug It would delete my history and cookies and junk...
too bad doesn't support YouTube and some other websites
why do you require permission to use my camera. you dont need my camera for anything or do you, devs?
For spamming so much that I noticed your ads. Also, adblocker paying for ads?
After downloading this, I suddenly started getting spammed with hate texts.
The only thing is missing is clear browsing history on exit.
So far great!
Needs more flash support.
It's the best, I love it.
I've it
Wow no ads. Love it
Amazing no ads on browser
It works really well
Notting is better than Google
Downloading slow
Its the best app ever
Best browser ever!
Uh uh uh
I will see when I use it.
I love this up so much 😀😀
Did good
I hate it
Fastest browser ever!
It is very good app
It crashes
Good browser but... Asking for to many permissions...
It's better than chrome
It's Ok l love it
Must have App👍 Loved it
The best downloader app
Faster than chrome...nuff said.
Just keep improving!
Bad app
Good app I like it
Nice ad blocker browser.
It is disgusting
My frist choice is brave
Great, keep it up!
I think it is too good.
It's a good app & adblocker
Always Crashing
Good Add Mode Options
Worst app
AMAZING!!! Truly a good app! Its a keeper!!!
Relief.
This app is very cool
alleviates crunched agenda
I just want it to get the 5 stars 😆
Its so good and I just love the way it is
Plz return the old unique feature for this browser which is the bubbles
Best browser I've ever used. Hands down.
Its one of the best browser its really good
Best browser out there. Look out Mozilla!
Best Browser ever i use in Android Mobile Brother.Get it
I would like to create new account please
You already know. 3sUp Top Notch
I think with  this App there will be a  Different.
Thanks for making it ad free I love it
Join me with it.
Tuy for this browser.
Works well.
Try its first,,
Wow! Very Nice and Faster Thanks Brave!
I'm a lion
Best Browser Pages Opening Time Very Fast
Nicely put together Functional, fast, stable and works
Great app  better than chrome love the browser
Brave Really Brave... Just need to improve in some areas
This is a superb app I loved it a lot
The best browser. Hats off to the developers
This app is a angel from heaven! Thank you!
Stopped unexpectedly.....
Wark Awsm.
Its very good for use  It browse very fast
Super,exlents
Thank brave  it is best than uc browser & Google
Amazing! Works as advertised. Smooth and no issues.
The best browser in a post-Chrome universe.
Amazingly fast This browser is fast and secure for surfing the web
Copy of Chrome! Develop your own style
Good for PornHub. No more virus pop-ups.
Very good, and getting better all the time.
Good for this app nice work keep it up 👍👌
It's justokllll
cant open,
I love this app ,it makes communication easy.
This  browser good  fast
All languages must be encouraged
ADS FREE 👌👌👌
Not hanging which is a problem in uc
Fast n blocks ads
The best browser ever
bakwass omigo browser is good
It is a very nice app
Its nice its fast
Its great getting better
Brave ad blocker Love it
Awesom
Haaaaat
Works great I like it
Great browser. Fastest browser yet.
its better on uc browser
best browse till ever
It fast and no ads
the best browser i had download it
Almighty Allah IS GREAT
Theeee BEST, JUST THE VERY BEST!!!!!!!
Better than stock chrome
I loved this browser this is awesome
Its good for music downloading
Ok, ok, ok :)
Better than Uc browser
Better than Uc browser
Very good app yeah
Great I love this browser
Best browser out there
The app is so good
Very awesome great job
Most wonderful app for everything to browse.......
I love you this App
Downloading could be better.
Best Android Browsing Experience
it should improved with more features
Latest version is very nice
Good I am happy
This app is very cool
Please lite version
Brave is a wonderful app. I like it!! keep it up!! thank you.
Lightning fast but, where's the home button located?
its fine I can't complain much
Best browser ever. What are you waiting? Just download it.
Its so good and I just love the way it is
Amazing browser , probably the best I have tried .
this is a quality adblocking browser
Doesn't block any sort of ads or pop ups
Wow!
You are the special one
I rely like
Does its job
Its look like a crome please make it different.
supe but slw
No brainer. The BEST out there. hands DOWN☝
Let me try
AWESOME Best phone browser I've ever used
options to save data
Bhot badhiya app
They suck6blk cocks
Get it!!! It's basically chrome/chromium but with a great Adblocker!
I Think its Good...But need Some Improvements
Needs sync with desktop
Love it improve some more , Just keep now
I assumed it will be very nice browser for me
Aje chlauna Haha
I like it this app
Clearly superior browsing experience, well worth the change
Gud app IPO
I like it download it
Putang ina muh ..
Thik h Ok
How to send apps
Best alternative for chrome but misses some features
Gd not more
Loved the app till now but from today the app closes again and again...
Fast searching# easy pointing. Parallel tabing pages.
Best browser This browser is one of the best on the app store.
Chrome canary stimulator
Good secure  browser
Best browser app
Very good and fast
Better than chrome
Best browser for adblock
Best browser in the world
Best browser ever
Good easy to install
Ditch Chrome for Brave
It a good app
It is really good
Best Ad blocker
very good app
BETTER THAN GOOGLE
Amharic keyboard Excellant
Tiger show good
Grate. Simple. Fast
It is very fast
Best app Android
Very nice apps
It is a nice browser
Better than chrome
Great so far
Its very good
I think it is a great
Nice I love it
Great Chrome replacement
Best browsing App
Is competitive with others
Very good apps
Nice porn app
Its very nice
This is da best
Best browsing app
Super and amazing app
i think its nice
Best app ever
Its gret app
All going good
Brave Browser Perfect
Doesn't block ads without removing essential site functions
Think is fast and automatically clean virus.
If it works then it's work the rating.
Fast and no ads. Makes me happy.
Doesn't block pop-ups well
Great browser... But please improve the adblock
So useful
Fantastic Very good useful from it thank you
Really brave browser
sarjo sanno nice to be with nice people all the time
I love brave! Keep it up
It's OK
Confirmation password Freedom for oromo people.
Gonna try it! Everyone i see loves it!
Awesome, just needs a dark mode
It is very very fast I think it is the best
Brave cuck browser. Thanks for the ads goy.
The best option
We are one
Its good app secure your browers
its copy of chrome don't use it useless app
All in one ad blocker is best app
Amazing This is faster than uc browser
Better than chrome , more fluid than Firefox..
I love the way of blocking ads
Fantastic Make it more creative...on next update..
This brave browser Very fast downloaded
As this is creation of Google so it has to be the best
This is a superb app I loved it a lot
It's OK
Installed and didn't work, uninstalled then installed again, still didn't work.....great
Cool It works and has a cool name
Great app love it really safe to use
Works as expected
Wonderfull browsing experiance .good aap
Great, but basically chrome with AdBlock.
Fast, reliable, compatible browser based on chromium
Brilliant ap App that is ahead of its times
It's good and help us improve
It cant prevent pop up ads
Wow super fast and clean!
If it gets rid of ads GREAT
Ad blocker
Buy BAT
me SD
Need  insrutoo
boo yah
Keep developeing
just wish that the icon was more pleasing
Good browser with awesome ad block
Deuce Leburu
Ooo ur apps is really wonderful
Everything okay
We are one
Correct way of app at correct time
It's such a great browser!
Ok n
I leaning
Combare to other browser its good
Fresh n smooth in app download
Best alternative for adfulled uc browser
Good browser Data savings and safety
Grate App
بازشود عالی
Wow some
Wow what a app
New to this app
Super application
I thank that it can be better how agrees
Browse faster and save picture of lion
Mast hai
One of the best browsing experience...love it...safe & first
Its okay
Very good it have no ads
love the app its easy to use
One of the bravest app with no feature
Good app awesome ad block
Josh banget
Thank you
No 1
Good
It's good dats it
Ok, not bad
Private, imple, and free.
It's not bad
Best browser and Awesome
Good app
Awesome it is!
This app is good 😊
Perfect It's awesome
On
Awesome concept!
Good and nice moves.
Ok 🙆
..‌‌asdfg
A life saver!!!
Nice app.  Try this
Best app Android
It's good love it
It.s very good  app
Ok, ok, ok :)
Deeply adblock....some ad come...
brave about dis...grt app
Best ad-blocker
its tooo good its too good
It's a great app
Doesn't load a thing
it's not open.??
It's too good
Best ad blocker ever👍👍👍
Baste browsers Love it
Better than google chrome...
💪💪💪 king of browsers💪💪
Better than chrome.
Nice browsing!
It's too good
Very good!
Fantastic..Best on Planet
App is dope ..love it
L really liked it 😄😄
I like this browser 😍😛
It's chrome + ad blocker. That's it. No additional features
Its a Chrome...
Didn't work for me,  kept on getting adds any way you
Thank u now I can watch porn without any problems
Amazing browser , probably the best I have tried .
I love the lion, looks cute gotta give it a try
Absolutely fantastic concept. Loving the innovation coming from blockchain tech
So far I like this browser. Good work!
Great app. Just like chrome but no ads
The speed of Chrome + ad blocker = this great browser
I think this is the best browser so far.  So faaast
it the best browser i've use so far free from ads
Just do it!
تست نکردم هنوز😬
Reddit sent me.
I feel secured unlike it
Get it NOW!
It sucks. You'd rather eat manure than to use BRAVE BORWSER
It's very useful to Block Ads & Loading the page is better
Great app, fast and way better than chrome. bAT
If I can't import bookmarks from Chrome, this is useless.
Brave forces  you to have samsung websites as home page  cannot be changed
This app was good at first but now the ads are unstoppable
copy of chrome nothing else...
Fastest ad blocking browser. It's the nice one.
Its a nice app and browser still hoping to try it more
It's not working
Doesn't work
Nice application. I will make a video for youtube about this app.
Awesome Browser I think it is better than Google Chrome.
Nice browsing  Supr fast browse  Simply superb Try it
This app is superb and better than the others I've tried
Just call this the Trump Browser! A better deal for all!
It works as it says it does, and it is faster than chrome.
Just The Copy Of Crome...
Best browser Brave is the next Firefox but faster better
Very good. The simplicity of chrome and the additional features of adblock
It's  very good app for blocking adds
By far a noticeable difference in speed. Really good browser
Dav Yes
خیلی خوب
useful app.
Ow someone
Stopped working
I like this
Its the best and I like it.
المتصفح ال😂😂😂😂شجاع
Downloading slow
I like it
Yes Yap
I want  this
First time
Cool and really fast app.
Everything okay
Not sure
Use less
Most hai
Nick app
SUPER A1
S0 bad
Bakwaas app
SUPER browser
Still to test
Drop Chrome
super to use 👌👌
Exllent app
Thanks for the browser
I like
Use full
its amezing
Theek h
Lion brand
Sharpening the brain
Nilla  gupta
Versi terbaru Versi terbaru brave lebih keren
Very bad
This is dope
NYC app
Nice browser. Works great
Big help in Android
Picture quality to improve
This app is fast
The best browser
Good job guys
Strikingly better in the business
Ok
Bad.
Its Amazing.... No ads 💯
Very good browser
It is a good app
Thank for the loyalty'
Its cool
Great app
Its good
great app
Fast and add free
Nice Favorite
I love the speed
Tiger show good
This app is good
Very fast browser
رائع جدا very good o(^-^)o
Feel same as chrome...
Good at all
Love prevail
Very fastest browser
Gud
Verry Good apps
Better than UC browser.....
I love this app
Mahi love sameer
Good Nice app
App 👍✨✨✨ 🎉😊👏😁👏😃🎉 Congratulations!
I do like it
Fix for smart LCD
Yo
Great!!! Does the job !!!
good I like it
Top job!!!
Wow
Ok
Aousume
Update
خوب
OK
Works
congratulations
Nothing
Thanks
No
Bhai
Like
Super
Thanks
Nothing
Zzabardastt
Meh
Ok
Goos
Gjb
Hee
Ok
Oj
Suspended it
oZm
Mst
Mst
Later
brtter
ggggoooodddd
Me
Ok
Qwert
Nyc
Do
Lol
Ok
Ooo
Nu